Title: Malala's voice stronger, not silenced
The attack was meant to silence the outspoken teenager who dared to defy the Taliban's ban against girls in school. Instead, it only made Malala's voice more powerful. After a school year that started with a shooting, Malala now eyes a summer of speaking at the U.N., telling her story in a new book and amplifying the issue of girls education.
Title: Fighting for the 'throwaway' girls
Less than half of U.S. teen moms graduate high school. And Principal Asenath Andrews believes that's a slow death for them by lack of opportunities. "In other countries, we scream at people about throwing away girls, but we [do it], too; we just kill them slowly."
Title: Impact Your World: How to help
CNN Films' "Girl Rising" tells the stories of girls across the globe and the power of education to change the world. Are you inspired to help the cause of girls' education around the world? You can make an impact in many ways, but by just being aware of the issue, you can spread the word. By acting in your own community, you can make a global difference.
Title: Photos: Beyoncé rocks for girls education

Title: Is it fate? Dog links 2 wounded vets
Karen Shirk puts a lot of thought into matching people with the right service dog. But one recent story has her convinced that larger forces are sometimes at work.
Title: When cooking can kill
For nearly half of the world's population, building and maintaining a fire is a daily -- and often deadly -- chore.
Title: 'I'm not a welfare mom, I'm a soldier'
Jaspen Boothe is committed to helping out homeless female veterans.
Title: Wildlife's worst enemy? Us
Mona Rutger got the call in October: A bald eagle was flopping around on an airport runway after it had been clipped by a private jet. Unfortunately, it's something she sees all too often.
Title: Troubled youth run 'old skool' bistro
As a juvenile corrections officer in Southern California, Teresa Goines found it rewarding to work with troubled youth and help them turn their lives around.
Title: Pregnant and homeless: The real cost
Martha Ryan couldn't believe it. She had never heard of women who were pregnant and homeless. But in one night, she met three.
Title: Thousands feared dead in India
As the source of the Ganges River, the site of Hinduism's famous Char Dham pilgrimage and home to Rishikesh, the meditation retreat made famous by The Beatles, the India's northern Uttarakhand state justifies its title of "Land of the Gods."
Title: Actress critically hurt in acid attack
A young Pakistani actress was in critical condition Sunday after a man threw acid on her face while she was sleeping, her brother said.
Title: Greenpeace: Chinese herbs tainted
From fighting common colds to cancer, Chinese herbal medicines have long been touted for their healing properties. But this week, environmental group Greenpeace says it found many herbs purchased from Chinese and Hong Kong retail stores contain alarming levels of harmful pesticides.
Title: Your solstice traditions 
If Stonehenge is anything to go by, summer celebrations have a millennia-old history. While the ancient druids may have commemorated the fertility of the season, many of us are just happy to get outdoors.
Title: Summer solstice: It's all about sex
In the Northern Hemisphere, the summer solstice has a history of stirring libidos, and it's no wonder. The longest day of the year tends to kick off the start of the summer season, and with it, the harvest. It should then come as no surprise that the solstice is linked to fertility -- both of the vegetal and human variety.
Title: Your most memorable moments
For some it was an exhilarating holiday to an exotic place, finding new love or conquering their greatest fear. For others, it was witnessing an historic event.
Title: Fighting for gay rights in China
With arms around each other's shoulders, Wu Yebin and An Wei strolled past rows of food booths and game stalls along the main road cutting through their small village in northern China one recent Friday morning.
Title: The rise and fall of Julia Gillard
CNN's Michael Holmes looks at Julia Gillard's tumultuous three years as Australia's first female prime minister.
Title: With Egypt in limbo, schools suffer
As Egypt struggles to wade through its political problems, an entire generation is at risk of being lost.
Title: Brazil thriving, so what gives?
Brazil had finally made it, so why did millions take to the streets? CNN's Shasta Darlington explains.
Title: Spinning statue stumps museum
The museum officials were stumped. A statue is supposed to stand still, not rotate all by itself.
Title: New species excites 'twitchers'
At a time when most birdwatchers are counting the bird species on the way to extinction, to find a new species previously unknown to science might be cause to pop the champagne corks.
Title: Empty plane seat mocks media
Do I stay or do I go. Almost everyone has already boarded the plane, including dozens of journalists. The airport staff, including lots of security guards, are now glaring at me.
Title: Jolie gives voice to Syria refugees
As a human tide of refugees overflows Syria's borders, actress and U.N. special envoy Angelina Jolie visits those left homeless by the war. In one country, a refugee camp has become the fifth-largest city.
Title: Palestinian wins 'Arab Idol'
A young Palestinian man has won the Arab Idol singing competition. CNN's Mohammed Jamjoom tells us about it.
Title: Geologist tastes prehistoric water
If you discovered water that could be millions or billions of years old, would you taste it?
Title: A wedding amid the tear gas
CNN's Karl Penhaul reports on a wedding in Istanbul's embattled Taksim Square -- love in a time of tear gas.
Title: Saving China's finless porpoise
Professor Kou Zhangbing conducts a health check. He tenderly calls the patient over with a tap of his hand, checks tongue and teeth for injuries, eyes for mood, and skin for scratches. As a treat, he hands out a salted fish.
Title: Crash gives Aussie a French accent
Eight years ago, Leanne Rowe was in a serious car crash that resulted in a broken back and jaw. But when the former bus driver and Australian Army Reserve member recovered, she was left with something completely unexpected: a French accent.
Title: Syrian ghost town ravaged by war
Qusayr is a ghost town these days.
Title: Why the Taliban would talk now
The United States will have its first formal meeting with the Taliban on Thursday, a source close to the talks told CNN, and the Taliban has told reporters that they want to improve relations with the world. CNN's Nic Robertson explains what's happening.
Title: Sidewalks explode in London
There's a new menace lurking in the streets of London -- exploding sidewalks.
Title: 'Standing Man' inspires Turks
CNN's Karl Penhaul reports on the "Standing Man," who has inspired a new form of protest in Turkey.
Title: Watching sniper's 'kill shot' in Syria
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Snipers are doing most of the fighting in one war-torn Damascus suburb in Syria -- and as CNN's Fred Pleitgen finds out first-hand, death can come any minute.
Title: Special delivery for Iraq's Baby Noor
Seven years ago, she captured the hearts of soldiers who brought her to the U.S. for life-saving surgery. Now she's stolen the hearts of ordinary Americans who read of her plight and pitched in to make her life a bit less difficult.
Title: Going to school, instead of work
A Nepalese girl has her sights on a medical career because of her mother's blindness. CNN's Fredricka Whitfield reports.
Title: Girls, it's time to power the world
Dear Girls of the World,
Title: Things I wish I'd known at 15
International day of the girl: 'To my 15-year-old self'
Title: Inside Moscow 'no man's land'
CNN's John Defterios and Amir Daftari describe what it's like in the transit zone of Moscow's airport, where NSA leaker Edward Snowden has been reportedly holed up for days.
Title: S. Africa's 'Born Free' generation
CNN's Ivan Watson reports on South Africa's "Born Free" generation: those born after apartheid was abolished.
Title: Chinese astronauts return to Earth
Three Chinese astronauts have returned safely to Earth after completing their country's longest manned space voyage, with their mission hailed by their bosses as a "complete success."
Title: Baby Noor's special delivery
Seven years ago, she captured the hearts of soldiers who brought her to the U.S. for life-saving surgery. Now she's stolen the hearts of ordinary Americans who read of her plight and pitched in to make her life a bit less difficult.
Title: Inside Snowden's airport zone
CNN's John Defterios and Amir Daftari describe what it's like in the transit zone of Moscow's airport, where NSA leaker Edward Snowden has been reportedly holed up for days.
Title: S. Africa's 'Born Free' generation
CNN's Ivan Watson reports on South Africa's "Born Free" generation: those born after apartheid was abolished.
Title: Girls flee war, find 'worse' in camp
Some girls are fleeing the Syrian war with their families, only to encounter rape and sexual harassment in refugee camps. The crisis has led to a growing phenomenon: "sutra" marriages, or marriages for protection.
Title: How to nominate a CNN Hero
A CNN Hero's journey to global recognition begins with a nomination by someone who's been touched by their efforts.
Title: Last year's top ten
The top 10 Heroes: In their own words
Title: Ecuador's president to U.S.: Don't threaten us
Defiant authorities in Ecuador say they won't bow to U.S. pressure as they weigh former NSA contractor Edward Snowden's request for asylum.
Title: Is Egypt on brink of 'second revolution'?
Cynthia Schneider says the Egyptian revolution is far from over.
Title: Obama heads to South Africa as Mandela clings to life 
U.S. President Barack Obama headed to South Africa on Friday for the second leg of a trip overshadowed by the deteriorating health of anti-apartheid icon Nelson Mandela.
Title: Vatican official arrested on suspicion of corruption, prosecutor says
A bishop who works in the Vatican and two other people have been arrested on suspicion of corruption in a case connected to the Vatican bank, Rome Prosecutor Nello Rossi said Friday.
Title: Pistorius resumes 'low-key' training
Oscar Pistorius will once again don the blade-shaped prosthetic legs, which he has made famous, and dash around a track, his family said.
Title: Poor, middle class unite in Brazil protests
During the past two weeks, millions of Brazilians have taken to the streets to protest years of dissatisfaction and discontent with their government. What started as a student mobilization transformed day by day to incorporate professionals, the middle class, and residents of the favelas, or slums.
Title: Young Syrian refugees forced to marry for protection
Some girls are fleeing the Syrian war with their families, only to encounter rape and sexual harassment in refugee camps. The crisis has led to a growing phenomenon: "sutra" marriages, or marriages for protection.
Title: Rudd sworn in as Australian PM
Kevin Rudd returned as prime minister of Australia on Thursday, three years after being replaced in the office by his then-deputy Julia Gillard.
Title: 'Egypt's Jon Stewart': Sarcasm is a weapon
There's a plaque affixed to the wall inside the lounge room of the downtown Cairo studio where Bassem Youssef films "Al Bernameg" ("The Program"), the Arab world's most watched TV show.
Title: Berlusconi found guilty, gets 7 years
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has been found guilty of having sex with an underage prostitute and of abuse of power.
Title: France confirms life term for 'Jackal'
A French appeals court Wednesday upheld the life prison sentence of Ilich Ramirez Sanchez, the notorious terrorist known as "Carlos the Jackal," CNN affiliate BFM-TV reported.
Title: New details on royal baby birth plans
Prince William's wife, Catherine, plans to give birth to their first baby in the same hospital wing where her husband was born to Diana, Princess of Wales, almost 31 years ago, sources familiar with the plans said Wednesday.
Title: 4 arrested in DEA agent's slaying
Police in Colombia have arrested four people accused of killing a U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration agent during an attempted robbery.
Title: Rousseff proposes political reforms
In the wake of massive anti-government protests, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff proposed a referendum as a way to place political reform in the public's hands.
Title: Plane carrying Missoni boss found
A small plane that carried Italian fashion boss Vittorio Missoni was found off the coast of Venezuela, Interior Ministry spokesman Jorge Galindo tweeted Thursday.
Title: Qatar emir transfers power to son
Qatar, a tiny but influential Persian Gulf nation, will have a new leader.
Title: Kerry casts doubt on Taliban talks
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry cast doubt on the future of U.S. talks with the Taliban, saying Saturday he doesn't know whether it's possible to get them back on track.
Title: Abbas accepts PM's resignation
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Sunday accepted the resignation of the newly-appointed prime minister, who steps down three weeks after taking office.
Title: Zuma: Mandela's condition better
Though anti-apartheid icon Nelson Mandela is critically ill, he opens his eyes and responds to touch, his oldest daughter said Thursday.
Title: Morsy admits mistakes, vows change
President Mohamed Morsy marked a year in office by admitting Wednesday to having made mistakes but vowing to correct them.
Title: Fear, panic grip Libyan capital
A tense calm prevailed over Libya's capital Thursday after days of chaos left at least seven people dead -- including a 12-year-old boy.
Title: New planets might support life
Our everyday concerns -- what's for dinner, what to update on Facebook -- seem small when we consider that there's a whole universe out there where other life may exist.
Title: Ancient primate may be missing link
Achilles' heel was his weak spot in the Greek myth, but the heel of a newly discovered primate provides a strong connection between humans and their possible ancestors.
Title: Deen's apology tour tough to watch
As Paula Deen's apology tour continues, it becomes more and more disturbing to watch.
Title: Love or hate her, witness is a star
There is no middle-of-the-road opinion on Rachel Jeantel, the "friend, not-girlfriend" of Trayvon Martin who testified in the George Zimmerman trial Wednesday and Thursday.
Title: World watching U.S. on gay rights
Frida Ghitis says the court rulings on gay rights help restore America to its right place at the vanguard of the quest for freedom and equality
Title: For gays, progress stunning, fast
Charles Kaiser says that 44 years ago at the Stonewall riots, no one would have believed the government would recognize same-sex marriage. Politics helped progress that led to today's decisions.
Title: Court got it wrong on gay marriage
Ryan Anderson says marriage is about the union of one man and one woman to provide children with a mom and a dad.
Title: On the chopping block: Humanities
Julian Zelizer says a new study highlights how humanities subjects are fading as more resources go to science
Title: Deen's words echo South's racist past
James Moore says Deen's generation carries with it the racist language of the South's grim past, used by many still behind closed doors, and shows why the nation still can't right itself on race
Title: Obama 'plays catch up' in Africa
As President Obama heads to Africa, he is visiting a continent where U.S. influence is waning, and Chinese influence is growing.
Title: Give us new Voting Rights Act
Donna Brazile says President Obama must persuade a polarized Congress to preserve the landmark law that protects citizens from discriminatory anti-voter rules that emerge every election cycle
Title: Why Ecuador might shelter Snowden
Steve Striffler says Ecuador's president has principled reasons for considering granting asylum for Snowden.
Title: The U.S. is being humiliated
The increasingly slapstick global steeplechase in pursuit of Edward Snowden, the former American contractor who leaked top-secret details of surveillance programs, looks like a cross between "The Hunt for Red October" and "The Bonfire of the Vanities."
Title: Protect immigrant whistle blowers 
Saket Soni says a recent 7-Eleven raid illustrates why immigration reform must include protections from employer exploitation -- including for those who call it out
Title: Fat people: #IAmNotADisease 
Marilyn Wann says as a result of the AMA's decision, fat people will encounter even more weight bias.
Title: West heat wave turns deadly
A record-setting heat wave will continue scorching the Southwest today and into the work week.
Title: Carter's advice for Paula Deen 
The former president says the embattled celebrity chef should be forgiven, arguing that while there's no condoning the racial slurs she uttered, Paula Deen has been candid and apologetic.
Title: Try to think cold thoughts
Imagine an icy cold day, Arizona. A chilly breeze, southwest California. Snow drifting slowly from low slate clouds, Las Vegas.
Title: Is Kennedy 'first gay justice'?
Justice Anthony Kennedy, a moderate-conservative, is in many ways the "power broker" on the Supreme Court.
Title: Family: Girl had 2 lung transplants
Sarah Murnaghan, the 10-year-old Pennsylvania girl whose struggle for a life-saving lung transplant became a national issue, actually had to undergo two transplants days apart, her family revealed Friday.
Title: Good news for Buttercup the duck
This duck is named Buttercup. He was born with a backwards left foot.
Title: Beware of 'Foxy Thieves'
South Florida authorities are asking for the public's help to find four "foxy thieves" they say are drugging men they pick up at high-end bars and stealing tens of thousands of dollars in cash, jewelry, guns, and other valuables.
Title: Police make traffic stop, deliver baby
Milwaukee police officers pulled over a speeding driver and found that the passenger was having a baby.
Title: Obama unveils $7 billion power initiative for Africa 
U.S. President Barack Obama pledged $7 billion Sunday to help combat frequent power blackouts in sub-Saharan Africa.
Title: Man accused of strangling, chopping up puppy to eat
A Florida man is accused of strangling a family puppy, chopping it into pieces and cooking its ribs on the stove, Tampa police said.
Title: Challenge to stop resumption of same-sex marriages in California
Lawyers opposed to same-sex marriage in California petitioned to reverse a federal appeals court order that OK'd the resumption of such unions -- doing so a day after that ruling, which the Supreme Court had set in motion three days earlier.
Title: Four Vandy football players dismissed amid sex crime probe
Four Vanderbilt University football players were dismissed from the team and suspended from the school as sex crime detectives look into an alleged incident in a dormitory, the college and police said Saturday.
Title: Colts' Lefeged arrested in Washington
Indianapolis Colts safety Joe Lefeged was arrested early Saturday in Washington on five charges, including carrying a firearm without a license, a DC Metro police spokesman told CNN.
Title: Chemical release at Intel complex sends 11 to hospitals
A chemical release at the Intel complex in Chandler, Arizona, on Saturday sent 11 people to local hospitals, where they were reported in stable condition, said fire department spokesman Tom Dwiggins.
Title: 150th anniversary of Battle of Gettysburg provides a bigger story
"For every Southern boy fourteen years old, not once but whenever he wants it, there is the instant when it's still not yet two o'clock on that July afternoon in 1863."
Title: Bubblegum & texts: The evidence trail in Hernandez case 
Something Odin Lloyd may have done or said didn't sit well with NFL player Aaron Hernandez, prosecutors say.
Title: Alec Baldwin's Twitter rant against reporter
Alec Baldwin is at it again. And this time, a journalist is on the receiving end of his expletive-filled rant.
Title: Classes canceled to deal with race issues
Oberlin College in Ohio suspended classes Monday after a student reported seeing a person resembling a Ku Klux Klan member near the college's Afrikan Heritage House.
Title: Watch Friday's Show!
In our last show of the school year, we look at some of today's headlines before looking back at major events and global elections from the past year.
Title: Can you pass the Newsquiz?
June 7, 2013
Title: Onyx rejects Amgen's takeover bid 
Onyx Pharmaceuticals has rejected a takeover bid by biotechnology company Amgen.
Title: Student loan rates doubling on Monday
Read full story for latest details.
Title: Stocks: Brutal June clouds start of year's 2nd half
Read full story for latest details.
Title: Starbucks' caffeine-fueled expansion
Read full story for latest details.
Title: Paula Deen's business partners vow to support her 
Read full story for latest details.
Title: Big winners on Wall Street are yesterday's dogs 
The stock market is on track to end a bumpy quarter with respectable gains, but there are two companies that have staged dramatic comebacks.
Title: News Corp. split creates print media giant
Media conglomerate News Corp. on Friday does the spin-off many investors sought, creating the nation's largest purely print media stock.
Title: Burberry's high fashion, high tech balancing act
Each Fortune conference -- from Brainstorm Green, Brainstorm Tech, to the Most Powerful Women Summit, and the Global Forum -- yields fascinating conversations with the best and brightest minds in business.
Title: Stocks: Rocky end to a positive quarter 
Stocks wrapped up the second quarter with all three indexes recording gains of between 2% and 5%, despite a challenging June.
Title: Edie Windsor is owed $638,000 plus interest
The Supreme Court decision this week striking down the Defense of Marriage Act means a lot of things to a lot of people.
Title: Fed officials in damage control mode
Read full story for latest details.
Title: BlackBerry 10 is not a hit; stock nosedives 28%
Read full story for latest details.
Title: The business traveler tax threat
Ever travel to New York for work, even for a day? How about to any other state?
Title: Scary times hit mortgage shoppers 
Read full story for latest details.
Title: Your child's data is stored in the cloud 
Read full story for latest details.
Title: Minorities aren't gaining in housing rebound
The housing bust wrecked the finances of a lot of families, but it hit minorities especially hard. And now, those minority families are missing out on the housing recovery.
Title: Stocks: Ending the quarter on a high note
All three major U.S. indexes are on track to end 2013's second quarter Friday with modest gains, despite a rough June.
Title: U.S. says Chinese wind turbine firm stole trade secrets
The U.S. Department of Justice has charged a Chinese wind turbine firm and two of its employees, alleging the group stole trade secrets from an American supplier in an act of "attempted corporate homicide."
Title: Healthy savings: Fewer lab tests
Read full story for latest details.
Title: Feds crack down on lenders bilking military members
Read full story for latest details.
Title: Rand Paul's Republican balancing act 
Rand Paul arrives in South Carolina on Friday for a handful of fundraisers and closed-door meetings with local Republicans, the latest in a series of expeditions to key primary states as he mulls a presidential bid in 2016.
Title: Source: Former Joint Chiefs vice chair investigated
The former vice chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff is under investigation by the Justice Department regarding material in a book by David Sanger, a correspondent for The New York Times, a source directly familiar with the situation said Thursday.
Title: Perry renews Texas abortion battle with special session
The Texas legislature's special session ended in chaos and confusion early Wednesday, when a marathon filibuster failed -- but so did a Republican effort to pass a bill that would have greatly restricted abortions in the state.
Title: IRS chief: No evidence liberals scrutinized like tea party
The acting head of the Internal Revenue Service returns to Capitol Hill on Thursday to face questions from congressional Republicans dissatisfied with his ongoing investigation of the agency's targeting of groups seeking a tax break.
Title: Analysis: Supreme Court term ends with no easy way to label it
This high court, led by a relatively youthful 58-year-old chief justice, is one that is thinking long-term: conservative and cautious.
Title: Court defies easy labels
This high court, led by a relatively youthful 58-year-old chief justice, is one that is thinking long-term: conservative and cautious.
Title: Obama: Pay no attention to leaker
If you can't nab him, then ignore him.
Title: First lady joins Instagram

Title: Davis: Perry has demeaned his office
Texas Senator Wendy Davis responds to comments made by Gov. Perry that she 'hijacked the Democratic process.'
Title: House panel takes steps to bring IRS official back
Republicans on a House committee rejected strenuous Democratic objections in voting Friday that Internal Revenue Service official Lois Lerner waived her constitutional right against self-incrimination at a prior hearing.
Title: Obama heads to South Africa as Mandela clings to life 
U.S. President Barack Obama headed to South Africa on Friday for the second leg of a trip overshadowed by the deteriorating health of anti-apartheid icon Nelson Mandela.
Title: Photos: First lady posts on Instagram

Title: Top U.S. general under investigation
Retired Marine Gen. James Cartwright is under investigation for allegedly leaking classified computer virus information.
Title: Finalized rules let religious groups opt out of contraception mandate
The Obama administration finalized rules on Friday that allow religious-affiliated organizations opposing the use of contraception to opt out of a federal mandate requiring that they provide their employees with insurance coverage for birth control.
Title: Woman indicted in mailing of ricin-laced letters
A Texas woman has been indicted and charged with mailing ricin-laced letters to President Obama and New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, a U.S. attorney's office in Texas said Friday.
Title: Father proposes deal for Snowden's voluntary return
The father of Edward J. Snowden has offered federal authorities a deal that he says would likely lead the accused leaker to return voluntarily to the United States to face espionage charges.
Title: Immigration bill passes Senate, faces wall in House
The Senate gave final approval Thursday to a roughly 1,200-page bill that promises to overhaul U.S. immigration laws for the first time since 1986, creating a path to citizenship for millions of undocumented residents while ratcheting up security along the Mexican border.
Title: Where is this going?
Immigration overhaul bill passes the Senate, so what's the next step? Dana Bash reports.
Title: Nowhere, says House Republican
Republican from Florida, Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen says, "That bill is not going to move in the House."
Title: Obama: Pay no attention to Snowden
If you can't nab him, then ignore him.
Title: On immigration, GOP offers fear, not ideas
Ruben Navarrette says Ronald Reagan would be ashamed of his party's fear-mongering and illogic on immigration reform
Title: We need a new Voting Rights Act
Donna Brazile says President Obama must convince a polarized Congress to save the Voting Rights Act by fixing it.
Title: Humanities on the chopping block 
Julian Zelizer says a new study highlights how humanities subjects are fading as more resources go to science
Title: Behind the slide in Obama's poll numbers
Since President Obama seems to be a reflective soul, he must be reflecting on the irony of his latest predicament.
Title: The 12 greatest designs of last 100 years
We asked some of the world's greatest designers to nominate the most iconic industrial design from the last 100 years. Here's what they came up with.
Title: Three new planets may host life
Astronomers announced Wednesday that they have uncovered a star system of up to seven planets, three of which could potentially host life.
Title: Apple tests iPhone motion detection
Apple appears to be testing out motion control features that will let people control their iPhones by moving their heads.
Title: The world's weirdest instrument?
Is it a guitar? Is it a piano? Nope, it is a crazy iPhone-powered combination of both. Plus it has a built in bass, violin and drum machine to boot. The Artiphon Instrument 1 looks something like a medieval lute, but with a smart phone jammed into its belly.
Title: Texas Filibuster rivets the Web
Democratic Senator Wendy Davis took to the floor the Texas Senate at 11:18 a.m. in pink tennis shoes and began what she hoped would be a nearly 13 hour filibuster of an abortion bill.
Title: Apple tests motion detection for iPhone
Apple appears to be testing out motion control features that will let people control their iPhones by moving their heads.
Title: Is this the world's weirdest instrument?
Is it a guitar? Is it a piano? Nope, it is a crazy iPhone-powered combination of both. Plus it has a built in bass, violin and drum machine to boot. The Artiphon Instrument 1 looks something like a medieval lute, but with a smart phone jammed into its belly.
Title: Researchers: Three new planets may host life
Astronomers announced Wednesday that they have uncovered a star system of up to seven planets, three of which could potentially host life.
Title: Shields up! Scientists work to produce 'Star Trek' deflector device
Radiation dangers pose a major threat to space explorers -- but UK scientists believe they have come up with a 'Star Trek shield' to protect them.
Title: Have a travel problem? Tweet it out!
"Fly by the tips of your fingers."
Title: Team rebuilding world's first website
Twenty years ago, a team of researchers shared the Web with the world. Now they want to show a generation that grew up online what it was like in its earliest days.
Title: Meet the Rules of the Internet
Hello! Welcome to the Internet. It's a big place, so let me show you around.
Title: Why disc drives are an endangered species
Could the phrase "burn a disc" soon be interred in the computing graveyard, resting peacefully alongside 8-bit graphics and the chirping, buzzing hum of a dial-up modem? Some of the most influential computer makers in the world say yes.
Title: Netiquette: Saying farewell
So many folks manage to lose their netiquette heads when they scramble, legs flailing and akimbo, toward the denouement of events and life chapters. So here is the ultimate (get it?) digital-etiquette guide to a polite big finish.
Title: 10 smartphone habits to avoid
How annoying and rude and antisocial have we all become with our smartphones? We're embarrassing ourselves all over the place. Please stop.
Title: Five texts you should never send
We're texting more than ever, and, like society, the texts themselves are getting worse and worse. Read on to learn just how terrible silent cell phone users are these days.
Title: An open letter to texting-mad teenagers
Put your phone down for a second, teen texters -- there are some things you've got to hear.
Title: From cancer patient to oncologist
When I was diagnosed with cancer, my doctor told me I had "a 60% chance of survival, or maybe a little less than that."
Title: Piano marvel: short arms, 2 fingers
Landon Weeks says he's learned to do the seemingly impossible, despite his physical challenges.
Title: I'm also an abduction survivor
Only those of us who have experienced the terror of threatened captivity may truly appreciate the heroes that three Cleveland women became as they seized the chance of escape.
Title: Military wives lose 300 pounds
Anne Moyer and Diane Ritchie relied on each other to change their eating habits and start exercising.
Title: Obesity treatment may change
The American Medical Association has officially labeled obesity a disease. But what does that mean for patients?
Title: Tri training: What I wish I'd known
Before I applied for the CNN Fit Nation program, I thought I knew quite a bit about the sport of triathlon. I was wrong.
Title: No time? Try the 7-minute workout
Seven minutes. That's the amount of time it takes to complete this high-intensity circuit training program designed to help you lose weight and get fit.
Title: 10 ways to act like a champion
I'm often called a triathlon champion. I've won four World Ironman championships, which I suppose qualifies me for the title. But in my view, you don't actually become a champion.
Title: Doctor is pain medicine 'visionary' 
Dr. Garret FitzGerald's career almost fell through because of a cockroach. But he went on to research how aspirin affects the heart.
Title: 10-year-old girl gets adult lungs
Sarah Murnaghan, a 10-year-old Pennsylvania girl with cystic fibrosis whose family fought to have her prioritized for adult organs, got a new set of lungs Wednesday, her family said.
Title: What doctors don't tell you 
A top internist shares the insider info you need to get the best medical care -- and the respect you deserve.
Title: New sunscreen label language 
Start the summer with good sun protection habits. Get an understanding of some new sunscreen label language.
Title: Dirty beaches
CNN's Elizabeth Cohen tells us about the water quality of beaches in the U.S.
Title: Tubing behind a boat is dangerous
Tubing behind a boat is dangerous. CNN's Holly Firfer reports.
Title: Preventing lightning fatalities
Pat St.Claire takes a look at how better to protect student athletes from these dangerous bolts of energy.
Title: Summer foods for weight loss 
CNN's Holly Firfer looks at how eating summer fruits and vegetables can help you lose weight.
Title: Eating bugs is healthy
Scorpions, crickets and other insects are inching their way into America's diets. Holly Firfer reports.
Title: Maximize your doctor's visit 
Pat St.Claire asks a doctor how to maximize your doctor's visit to optimize your health.
Title: Migraine awareness
What is a migraine? How do you know you have one? What can be done? CNN's Holly Firfer reports.
Title: Go for a walk after you eat
Holly Firfer reports that going for a stroll after we eat may help protect us from type 2 diabetes.
Title: Warm water helps arthritis patients 
CNN's Holly Firfer reports on how warm-water exercise is helping arthritis patients to have less pain and more movement.
Title: Preparing for a hurricane
CNN's Shelby Lin reports on how you should prepare for a hurricane.
Title: Good fats versus bad fats 
CNN's Holly Firfer tells us that not all fats are created equal. There are good fats and bad fats.
Title: Treating sunburns
Holly Firfer reports on the best ways to treat a sunburn.
Title: Health risks from floods
CNN's April Williams gives us tips on how to stay safe while cleaning up after a flood.
Title: Backyards can be dangerous
CNN's Holly Firfer reports on four things lurking in your backyard that could be dangerous to children.
Title: Playground safety
HLN's Susan Hendricks reports on what parents need to know to keep their kids injury-free on the playground.
Title: Reduce the risk of drowning
Holly Firfer gives us important information about how to reduce the risk for drowning for children and families.
Title: Four numbers for good health
Holly Firfer reports on four numbers you should know for good health.
Title: Military children battle the blues 
CNN's Elizabeth Corridan looks at the mental health issues of military children whose loved ones are deployed.
Title: Watson: 'DNA was my only gold rush'
James Watson, 85, worked with Francis Crick to figure out that DNA, the molecule of life, has a double helix structure.
Title: FDA shuts online pharmacies
The prices may look tempting, but ordering from an online pharmacy is often a bad -- and dangerous -- deal, experts say.
Title: I almost left my disabled daughter
Once I overcame my own selfish expectations for my daughter, I slowly began to see the beautiful girl that would change my life forever.
Title: 5 ways to kick your soda habit
Despite recent heightened awareness about its many negative effects on our health, whether it's to get through the mid-afternoon slump or paired with lunch or dinner as our beverage of choice, many of us still reach for soda daily for a jolt of caffeine and sugary satisfaction.
Title: Asia's ideal: Looking Caucasian
The majority of Asian facial cosmetic operations are "Westernizing" procedures. Dr. Anthony Youn questions whether this is an ethical practice.
Title: UK: 'Three-parent babies'?
The United Kingdom took a step Friday toward being the first country in the world to allow a pioneering in vitro fertilization technique using DNA from three people that could prevent mitochondrial diseases but that also raises significant ethical issues.
Title: James Watson, DNA pioneer
James Watson, 85, worked with Francis Crick to figure out that DNA, the molecule of life, has a double helix structure.
Title: Your brain on food
A new study provides the strongest evidence yet that certain foods trigger addictive behavior just as drugs can.
Title: NFL and mental health
Rachel Nichols, Rick Reilly discuss whether the NFL should put more emphasis on the psychological state of players.
Title: Catch up with Fit Nation team
The CNN Fit Nation "6-pack" is keeping busy during these long summer days.
Title: Dining out with food allergies
For the millions of Americans with severe life-threatening food allergies, dining out can feel like a minefield.
Title: 5 ways to maximize your doctor's visit
How did your last doctor's appointment go? If you're like most patients, your answer might be "too quickly."
Title: Learn from my daughter's eating disorder 
My daughter Catharine died after a four-year fight with anorexia nervosa. As a doctor and father, here's what I want parents to know.
Title: Back pain? 7 ways to strengthen your spine
Slouching may be fashionable for some red carpet regulars, but it's one of several reasons why about 80% of us will have spinal problems in our lifetime.
Title: Mysterious disorder 'life sentence'
The movement disorder dystonia is cloaked in mystery and can take years to diagnose. In most cases, the cause is unknown; there is no cure.
Title: Girl on ventilator after lung transplants
Sarah Murnaghan's family is still waiting for the young Pennsylvania girl's new lungs to work independently, after her very public fight for her life took a delay.
Title: Catching up with the Fit Nation team
The CNN Fit Nation "6-pack" is keeping busy during these long summer days.
Title: What milk shakes teach us about food addiction
A new study provides the strongest evidence yet that certain foods trigger addictive behavior just as drugs can.
Title: UK takes step toward 'three-parent babies'
The United Kingdom took a step Friday toward being the first country in the world to allow a pioneering in vitro fertilization technique using DNA from three people that could prevent mitochondrial diseases but that also raises significant ethical issues.
Title: Should NFL focus on mental health, too?
Rachel Nichols, Rick Reilly discuss whether the NFL should put more emphasis on the psychological state of players.
Title: New federal rules require healthier school snacks
Snack foods sold in schools are getting their first nutritional overall in more than 30 years.
Title: What would YOU do in this sexual situation?
We asked nearly 5,000 men and women how they thought they would react in 50 different sex and relationship scenarios to get a sense of how the average person would respond.
Title: Habits stick when you're stressed
When people are stressed out and tired, they return to their fundamental routines -- whether those habits are good or bad.
Title: Why I pushed my wheelchair 3,300 miles
In doing the Push Across America, I wanted to help promote disability sports in the United States and encourage people to view athletes with disabilities in the same way they view other athletes -- in other words, no differently.
Title: Boy hears for first time
The surprise on 3-year-old Grayson Clamp's face in the video is priceless. His mouth opens wide as he points to the person in front of him speaking.
Title: HIV infections down in children
The number of children living with HIV is slowing down in the areas of the world which typically account for the most new infections, the U.N. Programme on HIV/AIDS said Tuesday.
Title: #AskSanjay: Favorite brain tips
CNN chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta has spent his career traveling the globe researching and reporting on how to keep your brain sharp.
Title: Sight changed by 3-D movie?
Bruce Bridgeman had poor depth perception and could never see in stereo, with both eyes. After watching the 3-D movie, he says, things began to "jump out at me."
Title: No more chemo? It may happen
There's a revolution occurring in cancer treatment, and it could mean the end of chemotherapy.
Title: Heart attack, stroke can trigger PTSD
Douglas Mogle spent two weeks in the cardiac ICU. But the days and months after he was released were far worse.
Title: Too much of a not-so-good thing?
Dr. Paul Offit, chief of the division of infectious diseases at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, warns against the dangers of too many vitamins.
Title: Understanding your DNA
Billions of letters make up your DNA. Dr. Francis Collins has made it his life's work to understand what it all means.
Title: Kevin Hart's deepest fears 
Anybody can be scared of naked attackers or a bum, but Kevin takes it to a whole other level of particular craziness.
Title: Lovato speaks on dad's death
Demi Lovato reveals her father didn't "function very well in society" before he passed.
Title: 'Heat:' Not your typical buddy cop movie
Once upon a time, anytime you sat down to watch a wedding movie, you had a good idea what you were going to get, whether it be "Father of the Bride" or "Four Weddings and a Funeral."
Title: Review: 'White House Down'
Roland Emmerich may never win an Oscar (I'm going out on a limb here), but he gets my vote as the greatest practitioner of good bad movies working in Hollywood today.
Title: Usher's trophy collection
Usher's trophy collection, Armie Hammer sees the glass-half-full, and Maggie Gyllenhaal's relatable role!
Title: David Chase's eulogy for Gandolfini
On Thursday, friends, family, and hundreds of fans gathered to pay their respects to James Gandolfini at Manhattan's Cathedral Church of Saint John the Divine.
Title: Meet Purple Reign: A real life caped crusader
As the sun sets over Seattle, Phoenix Jones straps on his bodysuit and pulls a black and yellow mask over his face. He is getting ready to venture into the night, looking for anyone who may be breaking the law.
Title: Talib Kweli: Rap not 'talent-based game right now'
Call it Talib Kweli's jailbreak.
Title: Review: 'The Heat' 
A comedian who didn't risk looking foolish wouldn't even be in the game.
Title: Baldwin launches Twitter rant 
Alec Baldwin is at it again. And this time, a journalist is on the receiving end of his expletive-filled rant.
Title: Are Bert and Ernie gay?
If you believe the cover of The New Yorker magazine, Bert and Ernie may be ready to come out.
Title: 30 years of summer hits

Title: Nephew: Michael Jackson was murdered
Jurors heard more testimony Thursday about the emotional devastation caused by Michael Jackson's death.
Title: The hot albums and festivals this summer
Summer is the best time for outdoor musical festivals and blasting music with all the windows open. We've done the legwork for you, and compiled what should be some of the best albums of the season, and the most tent-worthy festivals, organized by region.
Title: More cop trouble for Bieber
The singer-heartthrob was reportedly involved in an accident in Los Angeles on Monday night involving a pedestrian.
Title: Fox fall premiere dates get jump on rivals
Fox has released a fall premiere date schedule that gets the jump on rivals.
Title: 'The Voice' winner talks triumph
"The Voice" crowned Texas teen Danielle Bradbery its new winner on Tuesday, proving to the country singer that she could do what she'd thought to be impossible.
Title: Selma Blair exits 'Anger Management'
Charlie Sheen's FX comedy "Anger Management" has lost a leading lady.
Title: Dan Harmon sorry for trashing 'Community' 
And thus another Harmontroversy draws to a close — at least, until the Community creator ruffles another set of feathers. (In other words: Watch this space.)
Title: 20 shows to watch this summer
Summer doesn't have to be a bleak time for television-viewing -- some of the best shows on the air ("Breaking Bad") or on Netflix ("Arrested Development") are on just in time for Memorial Day and beyond.
Title: Brad Pitt: From 'Dallas' to 'World War Z'

Title: What to read this summer: 20 picks

Title: 'Sopranos' cast mourns James Gandolfini

Title: Kanye West's controversial moments

Title: Sexiest celebrity dads

Title: All grown-up: Child star transformations

Title: 'Walking Dead' creator on show's success
"The Walking Dead" creator Robert Kirkman explains why the show resonates. See the full interview Friday at 11 p.m. ET.
Title: Martin Short 'empowered' by loss
Martin Short on enduring loss at a young age and how his close-knit upbringing inspired him as a dad.
Title: George and Keanu's excellent adventure
Strombo visits Keanu Reeves' Arch Motorcycles where the actor reveals a previously unknown side of himself.
Title: Jackson kids' testimony shown
Paris and Prince Jackson made their first appearances Tuesday in the wrongful death trial against their father's last concert promoter.
Title: The Jackson family tree's many branches

Title: Execs face questions about Jackson death
AEG Live asked Michael Jackson's estate to repay the concert promoter $300,000 for Dr. Conrad Murray's fee three weeks after Jackson's death, court testimony revealed Monday.
Title: MJ before death: 'God keeps talking to me'
Michael Jackson told his tour director days before he died he was hearing God's voice, a producer testified Wednesday.
Title: Witness: Jackson was paranoid in last days
Michael Jackson appeared paranoid, repeating himself and shivering from chills in his final days, his longtime makeup artist testified Thursday.
Title: Photos: Who's who in the Jackson trial

Title: Summer movie guide: Top 20 picks
This year's summer movie season is all about asking "What if?"
Title: 'World War Z' is 'scary good'
Just about every zombie movie I can think of is set, for the most part, in tightly defined spaces where groups of survivors huddle to fend off the flesh-hungry hordes outside.
Title: At 75, is Superman over the hill?
In the comic-book world, he is sometimes derided as "the big blue Boy Scout."
Title: 5 train stations worth a stop
Most people who travel by train rush through the station so quickly, they don't stop to appreciate their surroundings. But some terminals deserve a look for their beauty, their heritage and engineering. These are on the right track.
Title: An SOS for 'America's flagship'
In the 1950s and 60s, if you wanted to sail on the fastest, sleekest, swankiest ship on the ocean, you bought a ticket on the SS United States.
Title: 8 reasons to trade up on trains
When is it worth the splurge for first-class rail tickets in Europe and places far beyond?
Title: Intriguing summer escapes 
These aren't your typical Southern escapes. From an African safari-style tent in Texas Hill Country to skeet shooting from a former Coast Guard station 34 miles offshore, these spots offer a little something different.
Title: Beaches we'd like to be lounging on
We asked readers to share photos of their favorite beaches. Soothing, right? Maybe it's time to start thinking about a sunny getaway.
Title: Best all-inclusive cruises
On most cruise ships, your accommodations, standard meals, entertainment and daytime activities are included in your fare. Then the nickel-and-diming begins.
Title: 10 things to know about Peru
You know about Machu Picchu and the Inca Trail. Now say hola to the rest of this amazing Andean country.
Title: 10 things to know about Colombia
Stereotypes should be swept aside before visiting this South American wonder. Today's Colombia is much more than the Escobar legacy.
Title: 11 things to know about Quebec
Inhabitants of Quebec pride themselves on being different from their neighbors. This is French soil, with a language police and its own holiday that's more fervently celebrated than Canada Day.
Title: Camping: Horror or bliss?
Jared Kennedy remembers waking up in the middle of the night to creatures scratching at his tent on every side when he was 15. Don't try to get this 32-year-old to sleep in a tent now. He's done.
Title: Heartbroken? 5 recovery ideas
If you need relationship recovery, consider these escapes as a way to say hello to the rest of your life.
Title: To Disney or not to Disney?
There's no shortage of passion on the topic of Disney: It's pure magic for many travelers, but for others the princesses and the commercialism put Disney's empire firmly on their must-not-see lists.
Title: Kumbh Mela festival

Title: Dream trips
Imagine kicking back on a private island in the Bahamas where the staff caters to your every whim.
Title: Fun with ice
Some people think the only cure for the doldrums of winter is sunshine. Far from it. Why not up the ante? Don't suffer snow and ice at home when you can really do winter vacations and ice holidays in style.
Title: 2013 wish list
We've all got them: places that live large in imagination or memory, begging us to hop on a plane to uncover their delicious mysteries. Here a handful of CNN correspondents name their dream destinations.
Title: Bizarre buildings 
Bizarre is in the eye of the beholder.
Title: Penguins
Hankering to see some happy feet? Antarctica is far from your only option.
Title: Otherworldly places
We can't visit Mars (yet), but our own planet's unique terrain presents plenty of landscapes with an out-of-this-world feel. Check out iReporters' otherworldly photos, which cover a lot of ground on Earth.
Title: Nice, France
Nice, France, draws celebrities and tourists from all over the world -- for good reason. Check out iReporters' snapshots to see why.
Title: Summer trips
We can't take every summer vacation we'd like to take, but CNN iReporters can certainly take us to some of those places. Here, iReporters share some of their summer travels and photos, which cover a lot of terrain.
Title: Virgin Islands
The British and U.S. Virgin Islands offer crystal blue waters and beautifully serene escapes. iReporters shared their photos with us.
Title: Paris
As Valentine's Day approaches, we explore all of Paris' glittering allure through the beautiful photos submitted by our iReporters.
Title: Autumn color
Mark Collier grew up in the mountains of Vermont. Every autumn, he would see an influx of tourists flood his state to get a glimpse of the brilliant fall leaves. He didn't get what the big deal was, but he understands now.
Title: London landmarks
London is brimming with historic and iconic sights that create perfect picture postcards. iReporters take us on their own personal tour of London's best with their photos.
Title: Morocco

Title: America's top free attractions
Enjoying what America has to offer can get expensive fast, but not all great attractions charge a fee. Check out great art, fabulous jazz and inspiring memorials across the country.
Title: See Alaska's brown bears
Head to the stunning Katmai National Park & Preserve in Alaska, where park ranger Roy Wood shares his favorite spots in the park. The brown bears are already catching the sockeye salmon that started running the river in late June.
Title: 5 storied beach trips
Crashing waves. Windy bluffs. The mystique of the high seas and whatever lies beyond: Seaside places possess a dramatic allure that's naturally attractive to storytellers and beachgoers alike.
Title: 8 hotels still fresh at 100
Whenever a new hotel opens, guests are quick to flock there, clamoring for its shiny new rooms and state-of-the-art features. But there's something to be said for staying at a venerable older property, like these top-rated hotels that are each celebrating their centennial this year.
Title: Today's photo: Hawaiian wave
See stunning shots from around the world, and be sure to come back every day for a new image.
Title: Stalking world's biggest planes
You don't have to be an aviation geek to appreciate the beauty of the world's biggest planes. Here's where you can find giants with names like The Mriya, the Dreamlifter and the Super Guppy.
Title: Isle Royale: An isolated paradise
Talk about a vast, isolated island wilderness.
Title: Cuyahoga Valley: A spiritual retreat 
There's romance in our National Parks, and not just the human kind. A self-described hopeless romantic, park ranger Margaret Adams likes to lead the full moon night hikes at Cuyahoga Valley National Park in Ohio.
Title: Thrilling Hong Kong airport photos
Pilot and photographer remember Kai Tak airport -- from the fondest to the scariest moments
Title: Airports where architecture soars
It's about making an entrance. Dramatic entries are a given with air travel, and airports should convey a sense of welcome and arrival to travelers landing in a new city, says architecture critic Paul Goldberger.
Title: 8 hotel fees that may surprise you
We've come to expect fees for hotel WiFi and parking, but as lodging fees pile up, there are some that may come as a surprise to even the seasoned business traveler.
Title: River cruising the U.S.A. 
Holly Firfer shows us how to see America on a river cruise.
Title: Yosemite: A national park jewel
Yosemite National Park has almost everything a nature lover could desire: Glorious waterfalls, spectacular meadows and valleys, groves of ancient sequoias and the wildlife that call the park home.
Title: Pretzel meteor? Art in flight
She's really very stealthy. Nina Katchadourian has been creating unusual works of art from her airplane seat -- and occasionally the lavatory -- since 2010, and only three people have ever asked about her in-flight activities.
Title: Relax, get fit
If you're so tied to your work and smart phone that you can't take a break, these wellness retreats in and around the U.S. may convince you to step away from the business world to embrace a healthier lifestyle.
Title: Can Dreamliner still live up to its name?
This was no ordinary plane ride. On Monday, the 787 returned to domestic service after a four-month grounding. After months of concern about the 787's future, the excitement and tension were palpable.
Title: Best indie bookstores 
While it's hard to beat the Internet for efficiency, virtual book-buying can't satisfy the same itch for discovery that browsing in person can. Mystery writer Hilary Davidson shares her top North American havens for book lovers.
Title: 12 alternative Italian hot spots
Some of Italy's lesser known towns and villages are equally, or more, impressive as the bigger drawcards. Here are our favorites.
Title: 20 of the world's best sights
You heard of the two guys who recently opted in to a two-year, $1.5 million holiday? These are some of the sights they'll be privy to.
Title: Wild U.S.: 7 places to see it
Check out one naturalist's favorite places to appreciate what's truly wild in the United States.
Title: World's best airport hotels
How close are you to the airport? Is there a decent bar or restaurant on site? The worn-down, travel-weary businessperson is looking for proximity, convenience and comfortable amenities in an airport hotel. There's little time to waste.
Title: Top free U.S. attractions
Enjoying what America has to offer can get expensive fast, but not all great attractions charge a fee.
Title: Nearly 20% report problems on cruises
A cruise can be a stress-free escape from day-to-day life, promising all-you-can-eat buffets and nightly entertainment at a reasonable price.
Title: Be a guest of Katmai's brown bears
Head to the stunning Katmai National Park & Preserve in Alaska, where park ranger Roy Wood shares his favorite spots in the park. The brown bears are already catching the sockeye salmon that started running the river in late June.
Title: Have a travel problem? Tweet it out!
"Fly by the tips of your fingers."
Title: Today's photo: A Hawaiian wave
See stunning shots from around the world, and be sure to come back every day for a new image.
Title: Nearly 20% report problems on cruises
A cruise can be a stress-free escape from day-to-day life, promising all-you-can-eat buffets and nightly entertainment at a reasonable price.
Title: 10 of the world's best meditation retreats 
Adventure travel isn't always about riding waves and ascending heights -- sometimes it's about heading inside, to explore the realm of our inner worlds.
Title: New Zealand scours shorelines for ship carrying Briton, Americans
Rescuers are holding out hope of finding six Americans and one Briton after their vintage sailboat went missing in early June off the coast of New Zealand.
Title: Where in the world can Snowden go? 
Fleeing US law enforcement, the NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden seems stuck for where to go next. CNN Travel's own top secret document reveals which countries should be on his list. Are they on yours?
Title: Have a travel problem? Tweet it!
Gone are the days when travelers waited until the end of a trip to register a complaint with an airline or hotel via typed letter or more recently, email. Today's travelers post their complaints via social media and online travel forums, sometimes while still traveling.
Title: Skyjacked: A nation with no airline security
Not too long ago, boarding an airliner with a firearm was as easy as putting a pistol in your pocket and taking your seat. Then a pre-9/11 epidemic of airline "skyjackings" changed how we think about airport and aircraft security.
Title: How get on board a celebrity's yacht
From Beyonce to Grace Kelly, CNN takes a look at the most incredible celebrity yachts available for hire.
Title: The 8 best beer towns in the USA
The nation's civic leaders in making, celebrating and, of course, drinking hop juice.
Title: Wild U.S.: 7 places to see it
Check out one naturalist's favorite places to appreciate what's truly wild in the United States.
Title: The D.C. you don't know
Washington is a town of majestic monuments. But if you limit your sightseeing to the obvious -- if you ignore the obscure -- you'll miss the good stuff.
Title: Hottest travel spots in the U.S.
Attention American travel aficionados: There's no need to leave the United States to find the next hot destination.
Title: 7 gross wonders across America
Gross is everywhere. It's in the food we eat, it's in nature, and of course, we ourselves might be the greatest source of grossness.
Title: 4 must-sees for military buffs 
Hundreds of American travel destinations honor the nation's history of military readiness and sacrifice. As Veterans Day approaches, consider visiting these four fascinating military marvels.
Title: America's best historic restaurants
In this follow-up tribute to historic restaurants, we've zeroed in on veteran eateries that thrive outside of America's biggest cities.
Title: 6 hot resorts for adults only
It's not enough to eat good food, sit by the beach and sleep in for a week. Sometimes you need to make the most of downtime by stripping away anything that could potentially cause stress, including children.
Title: Over-the-top U.S. hotel suites
Indoor basketball courts and bathrooms that belong in museums -- the United States has got some crazy indulgent hotel suites with price tags to match
Title: World's best airport hotels
How close are you to the airport? Is there a decent bar or restaurant on site? The worn-down, travel-weary businessperson is looking for proximity, convenience and comfortable amenities in an airport hotel. There's little time to waste.
Title: Gatsby glam: 8 grand estates
Take a heady trip back to Jazz Age opulence with a photo tour of Long Island's Gold Coast, a wealthy retreat near New York City where F. Scott Fitzgerald set "The Great Gatsby."
Title: Don Draper's New York
Thanks to hard-drinking, hardworking Don Draper, we've traveled through the '60s in style. Now let's take a look at the ad man's New York.
Title: 'Downton' in America: 6 big estates
Few of us can imagine living the opulent "Downton Abbey" lives of the fictional Crawley family at the turn of the 20th century.
Title: Eat Like a Local: Share your picks
Hungry travelers are seeking authentic culinary experiences at home and abroad.
Title: Picture perfect Northern lights
iReporter Malcolm Park captures the beauty of the northern lights in time lapse over Ontario, Canada.
Title: Travel photo of the day
Each day, CNN producers select a user-submitted photo to be our Travel Photo of the Day. Click through the gallery above to see stunning shots from around the world, and be sure to come back every day for a new image. Have a gorgeous travel photo of your own to share? Submit it for the gallery at CNN iReport!
Title: The journey that inspired you
You sent us photos of a journey you had taken to another country, where you were inspired by a different culture.
Title: 10 trips to change a kid's life
Want to spot dolphins in Florida, peer over the edge of the Grand Canyon or dig for bits of history near an Irish castle? These are all trips that can change the way your child (and maybe you) see the world.
Title: Five spectacular art fair cities
If you're of the opinion that the only thing better than viewing great art is owning it, put these destinations on your travel itinerary.
Title: World's 7 most remote islands
Leave the snorkels and beach towels at home if you dare visit these forbidding islands.
Title: 10 budget all-inclusive resorts
It's a fact that all-inclusive resorts can be expensive, but these 10 spots won't break the bank or surprise you with caveats.
Title: The world's most colorful cities
Whether a monochromatic yellow or featuring every color in the Crayola box, these cites are guaranteed to brighten your day.
Title: 10 top value destinations for 2013
With airfares likely to increase through the new year, travelers are looking to get the biggest bang for their buck. A new list from Lonely Planet offers 10 ideas for great-value getaways.
Title: Five places to find mermaids
Mythical mermaids have fascinated humans for centuries, and alluring creatures in bikini tops and fish tails seem to be keeping the love alive. Here are five places to find them.
Title: The gift of paid paternity leave
Joe Schroeder enjoyed every moment of his three months of paid leave after the birth of his daughter. But his situation is far from the norm in the United States, one of few countries without paid leave for the birth of a child.
Title: Preschoolers: Littlest graduates
With graduation tassels made of fruit loops, miniature diplomas, kiddie proms and even yearbooks, teachers and parents made sure the passage to kindergarten was marked in style.
Title: Give 20-something moms a break
Rather than pull unmarried 20-somethings into the same rhetoric we've heard for teen moms—that we're destroying our children's lives, not to mention our own—why not have a real discussion about the real changes in our society?
Title: What would Brian do?
Robert Yoon and Brian Hull became friends in high school after learning they shared a birthday. When Brian died at 22, Robert learned a whole new lesson about friendship and reaching out.
Title: Greetings from Campowerment
Campowerment is like sleepaway camp -- making new friends, cooking your own meals, being far away from home and your cell phone -- but it's for adult women, and it's life-changing.
Title: More cohabitation, then marriage
As the stigma of "living in sin" fades and more people delay marriage, researchers find that living together beforehand can mean stability.
Title: From bloomers to bikinis
Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini? Swim trunks or a snug Speedo? The urge to spend those long, summer days on the beach hasn't changed -- but boy, the swimsuits have.
Title:  'Copper': Costuming an era
The historical costumes of 'Copper' allow the actors to embody their characters, from how they work, move and breathe in the garments to the choices in design and color their fictional counterparts might make.
Title: CNN's 'Open House' project
Boy howdy, does the CNN Living team love a house tour! There's just something captivating about walking through a beautiful house, being inspired by design choices and seeing the personal treasures that make a home. And what better place to start a home tour than the front door?
Title: Ever fall in love with a staircase?
There are plenty of reasons to fall in love with a staircase.
Title: Make an entrance: Foyer decor
When you open the front door, there it is: The place you leave keys, stow your umbrella, check yourself in the mirror and -- play piano?
Title: When teen drama turns deadly
It's hard to distinguish between typical teen drama and dating violence. But some schools are teaching students the warning signs in an effort to make them engaged bystanders.
Title: Khaled Hosseini talks parenthood
Being a father has had an unexpected result for best-selling author Khaled Hosseini -- it's boosted his fan base. Now he has a new book out and is advocating for refugees worldwide.
Title: Rape jokes: What's so funny?
Did you hear the one about the rape joke?
Title: From bloomers to bikinis
Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini? Swim trunks or a snug Speedo? The urge to spend those long, summer days on the beach hasn't changed -- but boy, the swimsuits have.
Title: 10 weird zoo animal escapes
Rusty the red panda is the most recent zoo animal to prove it truly is a jungle out there. On Monday, the National Zoo in Washington announced that little Rusty had gone missing.
Title:  'Copper': Costuming an era
The historical costumes of 'Copper' allow the actors to embody their characters, from how they work, move and breathe in the garments to the choices in design and color their fictional counterparts might make.
Title: Lessons learned too late
Robert Yoon and Brian Hull became friends in high school after learning they shared a birthday. When Brian died at 22, Robert learned a whole new lesson about friendship and reaching out.
Title: 'Claire DeWitt' is a dreamy mystery
Claire DeWitt, the self-described "world's greatest private eye," returns in her second adventure from author Sara Gran in "Claire DeWitt and the Bohemian Highway," hitting bookstores this week.
Title: 9 awkward pageant moments
As Miss Utah Marissa Powell demonstrated in Sunday's Miss USA contestant, it's not always easy to think on your feet. But at least we can look back on those flubs and and smile, right?
Title: Modern dads, new expectations
If today's dad is no longer the all-business provider who is less emotionally engaged than Mom, then who is he? And do we appreciate him for his sacrifices as much as we do mothers?
Title: Preschoolers: Littlest graduates
With graduation tassels made of fruit loops, miniature diplomas, kiddie proms and even yearbooks, teachers and parents made sure the passage to kindergarten was marked in style.
Title: Secondhand style all the rage
Thrift store clothing and vintage items are showing up in couture, street wear, even everyday office wear. There's even a hit song about value shopping.
Title: Five inviting front porches
Boy howdy, does the CNN Living team love a house tour! There's just something captivating about walking through a beautiful house, being inspired by design choices and seeing the personal treasures that make a home. And what better place to start a home tour than the front door?
Title: Décor inspiration in your closet
With warm weather under way, there's no better time to update your living quarters. But how do you turn your home into a space that reflects your personality?
Title: CFDA awards: 'Oscars of fashion'
CFDA Fashion Awards: The 'Oscars of fashion'
Title: Prom: No date? Go anyway!
In 1990, Kat Kinsman didn't have a date to her senior prom so she went solo. Looking back, it was one of the best decisions she ever made.
Title: How to get hair 'to dye for'
Whether they're covering up the salt in their salt-and-pepper strands or just adding some glossy oomph, 78 million women in the United States dye their hair, according to research from Garnier. Maybe it's the first time you've colored yours, or perhaps you've been doing it for so long you hardly remember what your natural color looks like, but either way, the game has changed.
Title: 'Attractive & Fat' ad tackles bias
Blogger Jes Baker is cutting Abercrombie & Fitch down to size after divisive comments by the retailer's CEO resurfaced, causing consternation among consumers.
Title: Parents: Avoid these Facebookers
A parent's Facebook newsfeed is a relations minefield. Think carefully before friending your kid's teacher, pediatrician or babysitter.
Title: When snap-happy guests go too far
What's the right amount of documentation for a wedding, and should it be left to the pros? Some couples are crowdsourcing images from guests, while others want guests to "unplug" and put away their cameras.
Title: From fashion statement to symbol 
When Texas state Sen. Wendy Davis made headlines for a filibuster opposing an abortion bill, it was more than her speech that generated buzz. Davis donned hot pink running shoes as she attempted a 13-hour stand against a Texas bill that includes a provision to ban abortions after the 20th week of pregnancy.
Title: Paul Frank taps Native artists
A powwow-themed party that critics called a "perfect storm of bad stereotypes" has led to collaboration between Paul Frank Industries and Native American designers on a new line of clothing and accessories.
Title: "Unseen" Pop Art unveiled
A painting by pop artist Roy Lichtenstein, which has not been seen in public for more than 30 years, and a massive pearl once owned by Mary Tudor have been unveiled as the highlights of London's Masterpiece art fair.
Title: Want a #hashtag wedding?
What's the right amount of documentation for a wedding, and should it be left to the pros? Some couples are crowdsourcing images from guests, while others want guests to "unplug" and put away their cameras.
Title: When teen drama turns deadly
It's hard to distinguish between typical teen drama and dating violence. But some schools are teaching students the warning signs in an effort to make them engaged bystanders.
Title: Fashion statements turned symbols 
When Texas state Sen. Wendy Davis made headlines for a filibuster opposing an abortion bill, it was more than her speech that generated buzz. Davis donned hot pink running shoes as she attempted a 13-hour stand against a Texas bill that includes a provision to ban abortions after the 20th week of pregnancy.
Title: Surviving middle school -- again
About a year ago, I sat in the auditorium at South Orange Middle School in suburban New Jersey and listened to the cheerful principal prepare the incoming sixth-grade parents for what would lie ahead. The big, bad dreaded middle school years were upon us. After the principal posted his Twitter handle so we could get his feed on our digital devices, he then tried to assure the jittery crowd that middle school isn't as awful as it used to be.
Title: Amid fury, Clorox pulls post insulting new dads
Just when you think derogatory stereotypes about dads are on the decline as fathers take a more hands-on role in child-rearing, along comes an online posting by a major brand that shows not everyone got the memo.
Title: Are women foolish to love stilettos? 
Rachel Simmons says there's a reason that women suffer for beauty -- because it's worth the pain.
Title: Same-sex couple 'half-married'?
Married in their own hearts for 12 years, Rose Arce and her partner, Maria, decided a visit to the courthouse was in order when medical benefits were on the line. But even then, they were only 'half married.'
Title: Tackling wedding season solo
Matchmakers Lisa Lyngos and Leisha Murphy have your top tips for making it through wedding season without a "plus one."
Title: Find décor inspiration in your closet
With warm weather under way, there's no better time to update your living quarters. But how do you turn your home into a space that reflects your personality?
Title: Spring beauty and fashion fixes
Makeup maven Bobbi Brown and fashion expert Suze Yalof Schwartz answer Health magazine readers' springtime conundrums.
Title: 10 weird zoo animal escapes
Rusty the red panda is the most recent zoo animal to prove it truly is a jungle out there. On Monday, the National Zoo in Washington announced that little Rusty had gone missing.
Title: Celebrating our pets
It's National Pet Week and Be Kind to Animals Week -- yes, our fuzzy overlords are so powerful, they now get simultaneous celebratory weeks.
Title: Ex-racehorses get new life
When a racing or breeding career ends, thoroughbreds quickly lose value. Organizations are working to provide adoption and retirement options that save them from the slaughterhouse.
Title: Khaled Hosseini talks parenthood
Being a father has had an unexpected result for best-selling author Khaled Hosseini -- it's boosted his fan base. Now he has a new book out and is advocating for refugees worldwide.
Title: 'Claire DeWitt' is a dreamy mystery
Claire DeWitt, the self-described "world's greatest private eye," returns in her second adventure from author Sara Gran in "Claire DeWitt and the Bohemian Highway," hitting bookstores this week.
Title: Judy Blume hits the big screen
Four decades after "Are You There God?" jump-started author Judy Blume's prolific career, her first novel to be adapted into a major motion picture hits theaters this weekend.
Title: Fighting for 'throwaway' girls
Less than half of U.S. teen moms graduate high school. Principal Asenath Andrews, who runs a school for pregnant girls, believes that's a slow death for them by lack of opportunities.
Title: Rape jokes: What's so funny?
Did you hear the one about the rape joke?
Title: Are female leaders too 'cheerful'?
Smart women face tough choices: should they try to be perceived as competent or likeable? A recent study suggests cheerfulness could hold them back.
