Title: Malala's voice stronger, not silenced
Description: The attack was meant to silence the outspoken teenager who dared to defy the Taliban's ban against girls in school. Instead, it only made Malala's voice more powerful. After a school year that started with a shooting, Malala now eyes a summer of speaking at the U.N., telling her story in a new book and amplifying the issue of girls education.
Title: Fighting for the 'throwaway' girls
Description: Less than half of U.S. teen moms graduate high school. And Principal Asenath Andrews believes that's a slow death for them by lack of opportunities. "In other countries, we scream at people about throwing away girls, but we [do it], too; we just kill them slowly."
Title: Impact Your World: How to help
Description: CNN Films' "Girl Rising" tells the stories of girls across the globe and the power of education to change the world. Are you inspired to help the cause of girls' education around the world? You can make an impact in many ways, but by just being aware of the issue, you can spread the word. By acting in your own community, you can make a global difference.
Title: Photos: Beyoncé rocks for girls education
Description: 
Title: Is it fate? Dog links 2 wounded vets
Description: Karen Shirk puts a lot of thought into matching people with the right service dog. But one recent story has her convinced that larger forces are sometimes at work.
Title: When cooking can kill
Description: For nearly half of the world's population, building and maintaining a fire is a daily -- and often deadly -- chore.
Title: 'I'm not a welfare mom, I'm a soldier'
Description: Jaspen Boothe is committed to helping out homeless female veterans.
Title: Wildlife's worst enemy? Us
Description: Mona Rutger got the call in October: A bald eagle was flopping around on an airport runway after it had been clipped by a private jet. Unfortunately, it's something she sees all too often.
Title: Troubled youth run 'old skool' bistro
Description: As a juvenile corrections officer in Southern California, Teresa Goines found it rewarding to work with troubled youth and help them turn their lives around.
Title: Pregnant and homeless: The real cost
Description: Martha Ryan couldn't believe it. She had never heard of women who were pregnant and homeless. But in one night, she met three.
Title: Pakistan bombings kill at least 47
Description: Two separate bomb blasts in different parts of Pakistan on Sunday killed a total of at least 47 people and wounded more than 90 others, authorities said.
Title: Tensions easing in South China Sea?
Description: China has agreed to hold formal talks with its southeast Asian neighbors about establishing a "code of conduct" to ease maritime tensions in the South China Sea, a major step forward in the long-running dispute.
Title: Chinese astronauts return to Earth
Description: Three Chinese astronauts have returned safely to Earth after completing their country's longest manned space voyage, with their mission hailed by their bosses as a "complete success."
Title: Your solstice traditions 
Description: If Stonehenge is anything to go by, summer celebrations have a millennia-old history. While the ancient druids may have commemorated the fertility of the season, many of us are just happy to get outdoors.
Title: Summer solstice: It's all about sex
Description: In the Northern Hemisphere, the summer solstice has a history of stirring libidos, and it's no wonder. The longest day of the year tends to kick off the start of the summer season, and with it, the harvest. It should then come as no surprise that the solstice is linked to fertility -- both of the vegetal and human variety.
Title: Your most memorable moments
Description: For some it was an exhilarating holiday to an exotic place, finding new love or conquering their greatest fear. For others, it was witnessing an historic event.
Title: Bush: Snowden damaged U.S.
Description: Robyn Curnow sits down with former President George W. Bush to discuss Edward Snowden and the legacy of his office.
Title: Street life seen through kids' eyes
Description: A young boy in a photograph holds a cigarette while sitting cross-legged on a dirt road. We don't know his name, but it's clear by his face his life is full of pain and struggle.
Title: Sports car veers into spectators
Description: A luxury sports car skidded into a crowd at a car show in Poland, injuring 17 people.
Title: Special delivery for Baby Noor
Description: Seven years ago, she captured the hearts of soldiers who brought her to the U.S. for life-saving surgery. Now she's stolen the hearts of ordinary Americans who read of her plight and pitched in to make her life a bit less difficult.
Title: Mumbai to ban racy mannequins
Description: CNN's Mallika Kapur reports on a novel response to India's rape problem -- a proposal to ban sexily clad mannequins.
Title: Inside Moscow 'no man's land'
Description: CNN's John Defterios and Amir Daftari describe what it's like in the transit zone of Moscow's airport, where NSA leaker Edward Snowden has been reportedly holed up for days.
Title: Girls flee war, find 'worse' in camp
Description: Some girls are fleeing the Syrian war with their families, only to encounter rape and sexual harassment in refugee camps. The crisis has led to a growing phenomenon: "sutra" marriages, or marriages for protection.
Title: S. Africa's 'Born Free' generation
Description: CNN's Ivan Watson reports on South Africa's "Born Free" generation: those born after apartheid was abolished.
Title: Fighting for gay rights in China
Description: With arms around each other's shoulders, Wu Yebin and An Wei strolled past rows of food booths and game stalls along the main road cutting through their small village in northern China one recent Friday morning.
Title: With Egypt in limbo, schools suffer
Description: As Egypt struggles to wade through its political problems, an entire generation is at risk of being lost.
Title: Brazil thriving, so what gives?
Description: Brazil had finally made it, so why did millions take to the streets? CNN's Shasta Darlington explains.
Title: Spinning statue stumps museum
Description: The museum officials were stumped. A statue is supposed to stand still, not rotate all by itself.
Title: New species excites 'twitchers'
Description: At a time when most birdwatchers are counting the bird species on the way to extinction, to find a new species previously unknown to science might be cause to pop the champagne corks.
Title: Empty plane seat mocks media
Description: Do I stay or do I go. Almost everyone has already boarded the plane, including dozens of journalists. The airport staff, including lots of security guards, are now glaring at me.
Title: Jolie gives voice to Syria refugees
Description: As a human tide of refugees overflows Syria's borders, actress and U.N. special envoy Angelina Jolie visits those left homeless by the war. In one country, a refugee camp has become the fifth-largest city.
Title: Palestinian wins 'Arab Idol'
Description: A young Palestinian man has won the Arab Idol singing competition. CNN's Mohammed Jamjoom tells us about it.
Title: Geologist tastes prehistoric water
Description: If you discovered water that could be millions or billions of years old, would you taste it?
Title: Military ousts Egypt's Morsy
Description: In a roller coaster of events, Egypt's military deposed Mohamed Morsy, the country's first democratically elected president, the country's top general announced Wednesday.
Title: Going to school, instead of work
Description: A Nepalese girl has her sights on a medical career because of her mother's blindness. CNN's Fredricka Whitfield reports.
Title: Girls, it's time to power the world
Description: Dear Girls of the World,
Title: Things I wish I'd known at 15
Description: International day of the girl: 'To my 15-year-old self'
Title: U.S. man in N. Korea: Please help
Description: The American citizen sentenced to 15 years in a North Korean labor camp, has appealed to the Korean authorities for forgiveness and asked the United States for help in securing his release in an exclusive interview from prison obtained Wednesday by CNN.
Title: What happened to Malala's friend?
Description: Today we can tell the remarkable story of Shazia Ramzan, a 15-year-old Pakistani schoolgirl.
Title: New law: Visit parents or face jail?
Description: Lola Wang, a 28-year-old marketing officer in Shanghai, makes a six-hour trip to Shandong to see her parents twice a year -- once during the Lunar New Year and again during the National Day holiday in October.
Title: 'Freerunners' find feet in Baghdad
Description: Leaping from rooftops and doing backflips off walls is when Prince Haydar feels the most free.
Title: J-Lo and the dictator: An upside
Description: American pop star Jennifer Lopez is catching all sorts of heat after her Saturday performance of "Happy Birthday, Mr. President" to one of the world's most notorious dictators, Gurbanguly Berdymukhamedov.
Title: Egypt: 5 key questions
Description: Two years after massive demonstrations forced out longtime leader Hosni Mubarak, Egypt finds itself right back where it started.
Title: What happened to Malala's friend?
Description: Today we can tell the remarkable story of Shazia Ramzan, a 15-year-old Pakistani schoolgirl.
Title: 46 women rescued in Mexico
Description: Authorities in Mexico City say they've rescued 46 women in a human trafficking bust.
Title: Arrests in alleged Canada Day plot
Description: Two suspects have been arrested on terror charges and are accused of plotting to use explosive devices in Victoria, British Columbia, on Canada Day, which fell on Monday, James Malizia of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said Tuesday.
Title: New law: Visit parents or face jail?
Description: Lola Wang, a 28-year-old marketing officer in Shanghai, makes a six-hour trip to Shandong to see her parents twice a year -- once during the Lunar New Year and again during the National Day holiday in October.
Title: How to nominate a CNN Hero
Description: A CNN Hero's journey to global recognition begins with a nomination by someone who's been touched by their efforts.
Title: Last year's top ten
Description: The top 10 Heroes: In their own words
Title: Snowden rumors force presidential jet to land
Description: Rumors that U.S. intelligence leaker Edward Snowden hitched a ride on the Bolivian presidential jet forced the plane's temporary grounding in Austria and sparked outrage in several South American countries.
Title: Belgian king abdicating throne
Description: King Albert II of Belgium is abdicating his throne, effective July 21, he announced Wednesday.
Title: Unmanned Russian rocket explodes after liftoff
Description: An unmanned Russian rocket veered off course and exploded in a fireball Tuesday, seconds after liftoff from a launch pad in Kazakhstan.
Title: Horrific video shows beheading in Syria
Description: Atrocities captured on video and spread through social media fuel the fire in the Syrian conflict. Jim Clancy reports.
Title: Report: Kenya terror suspect had link to London bomber
Description: A UK terror suspect whose trial on terror charges reconvened Wednesday in Kenya served jail time with one of the men who carried out the 2005 London bomb attacks and may have been influenced by him, a British intelligence report reveals.
Title: Two suspects arrested in alleged Canada Day plot
Description: Two suspects have been arrested on terror charges and are accused of plotting to use explosive devices in Victoria, British Columbia, on Canada Day, which fell on Monday, James Malizia of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said Tuesday.
Title: Pope John Paul II close to sainthood, Vatican source says
Description: The Catholic Church is on the verge of declaring late Pope John Paul II a saint, a Vatican source familiar with the process told CNN on Tuesday.
Title: Indonesia quake kills 22, injures more than 200
Description: A 6.1-magnitude earthquake shook northwestern Indonesia on Tuesday, killing 22 people, injuring more than 200 and damaging thousands of homes, authorities said.
Title: Croatia becomes 28th EU member
Description: Croatia formally became the newest member of the European Union on Monday, marking an end to a 10-year campaign for a Balkan state that emerged from the ruins of a bloody civil war.
Title: EU 'shocked' by U.S. spying report
Description: European officials reacted with fury Sunday to a report that the U.S. National Security Agency spied on EU offices.
Title: Vatican official arrested
Description: A bishop who works in the Vatican and two other people have been arrested on suspicion of corruption in a case connected to the Vatican bank, Rome Prosecutor Nello Rossi said Friday.
Title: Ecuador to U.S.: Don't threaten us
Description: Defiant authorities in Ecuador say they won't bow to U.S. pressure as they weigh former NSA contractor Edward Snowden's request for asylum.
Title: 8 missing off Honduras coast
Description: Five Hondurans, a Canadian and two U.S. citizens went missing off the coast of Honduras over the weekend, the U.S. Coast Guard said.
Title: Arrests in alleged Canada Day plot
Description: Two suspects have been arrested on terror charges and are accused of plotting to use explosive devices in Victoria, British Columbia, on Canada Day, which fell on Monday, James Malizia of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said at a news conference Tuesday.
Title: Qatar emir transfers power to son
Description: Qatar, a tiny but influential Persian Gulf nation, will have a new leader.
Title: Kerry optimistic on Mideast talks
Description: Secretary of State John Kerry ended four days of shuttle diplomacy Sunday without an agreement to revive Mideast peace talks but said significant progress had been made and that he would return to the region soon.
Title: Abbas accepts PM's resignation
Description: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Sunday accepted the resignation of the newly-appointed prime minister, who steps down three weeks after taking office.
Title: Township defines S. Africa struggle
Description: At sunset, the smell of food simmering in dozens of pots starts to fill the air on 15th Avenue.
Title: Infighting kills top Somali militant
Description: A senior Somali militant who had a $5 million U.S. bounty on his head has been killed in infighting among members of the al Qaeda-aligned group Al-Shabaab, a spokesman for the group said Saturday.
Title: Pistorius resumes 'low-key' training
Description: Oscar Pistorius will once again don the blade-shaped prosthetic legs, which he has made famous, and dash around a track, his family said.
Title: New planets might support life
Description: Our everyday concerns -- what's for dinner, what to update on Facebook -- seem small when we consider that there's a whole universe out there where other life may exist.
Title: Ancient primate may be missing link
Description: Achilles' heel was his weak spot in the Greek myth, but the heel of a newly discovered primate provides a strong connection between humans and their possible ancestors.
Title: Snowden and a muzzled press
Description: Frank Snepp says reporters are dangerously blase in the face of a Justice Department intent on stemming leaks, even if it means targeting journalists as conspirators under espionage laws.
Title: Heroes facing down fire--and fate
Description: Clay Morgan says firefighting deaths like the 19 in Arizona, are never classical tragedie. But those who perish fighting fires are indeed heroes, committed and sincere in their lives
Title: Economy needs immigrants
Description: Joe Green says as immigration vote goes to the House, remember why we need immigrants, a self-selecting group of risk-takers that define America and feed its entrepreneurial ethos
Title: Can Zimmerman win over jurors? 
Description: Eugene O'Donnell says a defense resorting to humor and allowing self-serving statements at trial are fraught with risk. The defense must counter an appearance of callous indifference
Title: It's not about Paula Deen, it's about us
Description: Gene Seymour says Deen's statements let us pillory her while we feel superior. How about instead facing our own unfinished business with racism, such as high incarceration rates for blacks?
Title: U.S. spying is out of control
Description: David Rothkopf says the overreach and ineffective oversight of our intelligence efforts is as much of a threat to the kind of country we want to be as any terrorist group
Title: Find out what your doctor really thinks
Description: Joshua Prager says patients who read their medical records feel empowered and are likely to fare better
Title: Gridlock at the Supreme Court
Description: 
Title: My late wife is thanking you, too
Description: 
Title: Can we forgive Paula Deen?
Description: Dean Obeidallah says history is full of individuals' and society evolving away from bigoted views, such as with same-sex marriage. A sincere apology should lead to redemption.
Title: Obama's right on climate change
Description: After centuries of pumping carbon into the atmosphere, Americans face changing weather patterns and risks to human health, says Chris Field. The nations must commit to changing this
Title: Love or hate her, witness is a star
Description: There is no middle-of-the-road opinion on Rachel Jeantel, the "friend, not-girlfriend" of Trayvon Martin who testified in the George Zimmerman trial Wednesday and Thursday.
Title: Lookout warned team before fire killed 19
Description: Brendan McDonough, a lookout for his elite 20-man Arizona wildfire-fighting crew, saw Sunday's blaze change directions and warned his team by radio from his hilltop perch.
Title: Stubborn weather to stick
Description: If you live on the U.S. coasts, there's a good chance the holiday will either be scalding hot or drenched in rain. The weather pattern that brought triple-digit temperatures to the West and to the East will be stay around.
Title: Snowden rumors ground plane
Description: Rumors that U.S. intelligence leaker Edward Snowden hitched a ride on the Bolivian presidential jet forced the plane's temporary grounding in Austria and sparked outrage in several South American countries.
Title: Teen stays jailed for online 'joke'
Description: A Texas teen who's been jailed more than four months for a Facebook comment he made during a video-game argument is finally getting a day in court that could let him go home.
Title: Autopsy results in for Chris Kelly
Description: Chris Kelly, half of the 1990s rap duo Kris Kross, died of a drug overdose that included heroin and cocaine, his autopsy report said Wednesday.
Title: Stubborn weather to stick
Description: If you live on the U.S. coasts, there's a good chance the holiday will either be scalding hot or drenched in rain. The weather pattern that brought triple-digit temperatures to the West and to the East will be stay around.
Title: Snowden rumors ground plane
Description: Rumors that U.S. intelligence leaker Edward Snowden hitched a ride on the Bolivian presidential jet forced the plane's temporary grounding in Austria and sparked outrage in several South American countries.
Title: Missing woman's body found
Description: The hidden skeleton of a woman who had been missing for 28 years came to light when a contractor cleaned out a vacant home in the Town of Poughkeepsie, New York.
Title: Obamacare delay emboldens repealers, makes it 2014 issue
Description: Soon after the Treasury Department announced Tuesday evening that a key provision in President Barack Obama's sweeping health care law will be delayed for a year, top Republicans quickly called for the Affordable Care Act, which is better known as Obamacare, to be repealed.
Title: U.S. rejects call to stop force-feeding at Guantanamo for Ramadan
Description: The U.S. government on Wednesday refused to stop force-feeding prisoners at the U.S. detention facility in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
Title: City of Berkeley fights U.S. civil action against marijuana dispensary
Description: The city of Berkeley, California, is trying to stop the U.S. government from closing a medical marijuana dispensary and filed a federal court claim Wednesday, attorneys said.
Title: Accused Cleveland kidnapper ruled capable of standing trial
Description: Ariel Castro, the Ohio man accused of holding three women captive for about a decade, is competent to stand trial, a judge said at a hearing Wednesday.
Title: American citizen from North Korean prison: Please help me
Description: The American citizen sentenced to 15 years in a North Korean labor camp, has appealed to the Korean authorities for forgiveness and asked the United States for help in securing his release in an exclusive interview from prison obtained Wednesday by CNN.
Title: Missing woman's body found 28 years later, behind false wall
Description: The hidden skeleton of a woman who had been missing for 28 years came to light when a contractor cleaned out a vacant home in the Town of Poughkeepsie, New York.
Title: Classes canceled to deal with race issues
Description: Oberlin College in Ohio suspended classes Monday after a student reported seeing a person resembling a Ku Klux Klan member near the college's Afrikan Heritage House.
Title: Watch Friday's Show!
Description: In our last show of the school year, we look at some of today's headlines before looking back at major events and global elections from the past year.
Title: Can you pass the Newsquiz?
Description: June 7, 2013
Title: Don't let gadgets devour the family budget
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: Health care stocks pull back 
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: Smartwatches shouldn't look like watches
Description: Last week, Sony announced the Smartwatch 2, a follow-up to last year's rightfully maligned Smartwatch. As unimaginative in concept and execution as it was in name, the watch was the abject failure it deserved to be. Using the thing was awful.
Title: Lululemon sued for see-through yoga pants
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: Delay in Obamacare - what you need to know
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: U.S. stocks shake off global worries 
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: Egypt unrest pushes oil prices above $100
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: France wants to delay EU-U.S. trade talks
Description: France wants to delay the start of negotiations on a huge free trade deal between Europe and the United States while it waits for the U.S. government to explain allegations of spying.
Title: Business hiring picks up
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: Portugal may re-ignite Europe crisis
Description: Political turmoil in Portugal is threatening to re-ignite Europe's debt crisis after a year of relative calm.
Title: America's love affair with its cars is far from over
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: Beware dire predictions on Obama's war on coal
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: Brazil billionaire's oil firm in deep water
Description: Five years ago it was Brazil's biggest initial public offering, today it's at risk of defaulting on its debt. Is billionaire Eike Batista's oil and gas group finally hitting the wall?
Title: Ex-Olympus executives sentenced for fraud
Description: Former Olympus chairman Tsuyoshi Kikukawa and two of his deputies were sentenced Wednesday in Tokyo for their roles in a massive accounting fraud that almost brought down one of Japan's largest electronics companies.
Title: Global markets getting slammed
Description: Investors' appetite for risk evaporated around the globe Wednesday amid renewed political instability in Europe, violent clashes in Egypt and concerns about rising oil prices.
Title: S&P downgrades Euro banks 
Description: Credit rating agency Standard & Poor's downgraded three European banks on Wednesday, citing worries over the size of their investment banking portfolios and the impact of new regulations.
Title: Suntory toasts $4 billion IPO windfall
Description: It's good times at Suntory.
Title: Easy ways to keep your online accounts safe
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: Egypt unrest pushes oil prices above $100
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: Tesla direct-sales petition hits 100,000 signatures
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: George W. Bush quietly burnishes legacy in Africa
Description: Former President George W. Bush has a new mission: helping those with the least in Africa.
Title: First lady: White House a nice prison 
Description: While President Obama and former President George W. Bush meet in Africa, their wives discuss their passions.
Title: Obama makes final partnership pitch in Africa
Description: President Barack Obama concluded his trip to Africa Tuesday after making a final pitch for partnership at a Tanzanian power plant.
Title: Paul: Why are we funding Morsy in Egypt?
Description: Sen. Rand Paul asks: What kind of example do we set when we side with the enemies of freedom?
Title: Coup worsens Obama's Egypt policy headache
Description: A foreign policy headache for President Barack Obama worsened on Wednesday as Egypt endured its second coup in less than three years.
Title: Obama's Egypt headache
Description: A foreign policy headache for President Barack Obama worsened on Wednesday as Egypt endured its second coup in less than three years.
Title: Obamacare in play in 2014
Description: "While on the one hand many will rightly see this as a nakedly political move by the White House to blunt public anger over Obamacare ahead of the 2014 elections, it could very well have the opposite effect," a GOP strategist said.
Title: Can Perry get past 'oops'?
Description: The Texas abortion law showdown has re-focused attention on Gov. Rick Perry's national ambitions, raising the prospect that he might again run for president, even after his 2012 campaign flamed out in spectacular fashion.
Title: Texas abortion battle: Protesters flood committee meeting
Description: The battle over Texas' attempts to change its abortion law continued Tuesday at the state capitol.
Title: Could Perry be a player in 2016?
Description: The Texas abortion law showdown has re-focused attention on Gov. Rick Perry's national ambitions, raising the prospect that he might again run for president, even after his 2012 campaign flamed out in spectacular fashion.
Title: Snowden rumor grounds Bolivian plane in Austria
Description: Rumors that U.S. intelligence leaker Edward Snowden hitched a ride on the Bolivian presidential jet forced the plane's temporary grounding in Austria and sparked outrage in several South American countries.
Title: Delay puts Obamacare in play in 2014
Description: "While on the one hand many will rightly see this as a nakedly political move by the White House to blunt public anger over Obamacare ahead of the 2014 elections, it could very well have the opposite effect," a GOP strategist said.
Title: Big employers get reprieve
Description: The Treasury Department says the provision requiring businesses to provide workers with health insurance will be delayed.
Title: Photos: Vietnam soldiers laid to rest
Description: Forty-three years after their helicopter was shot down in Vietnam, three soldiers are buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Title: Will Speaker Boehner make history?
Description: Julian Zelizer says John Boehner has several tools he can use to gather enough support to pass immigration reform
Title: What the sanctity of marriage means
Description: The Supreme Court's ruling shows marriage is an institution that provides stability for society and for the family, so important that it must apply to all equally.
Title: On immigration, GOP offers fear, not ideas
Description: Ruben Navarrette says Ronald Reagan would be ashamed of his party's fear-mongering and illogic on immigration reform
Title: Behind the slide in Obama's poll numbers
Description: Since President Obama seems to be a reflective soul, he must be reflecting on the irony of his latest predicament.
Title: Jailed Facebook teen finally getting day in court
Description: A Texas teen who's been jailed more than four months for a Facebook comment he made during a video-game argument is finally getting a day in court that could let him go home.
Title: Jailed FB teen getting day in court
Description: A Texas teen who's been jailed more than four months for a Facebook comment he made during a video-game argument is finally getting a day in court that could let him go home.
Title: 10 African startups to know
Description: An Africa tech expert picks 10 exciting African tech startups building 'amazing products that can compete on the international stage.'
Title: Sorry, Trekkers: Moon not 'Vulcan'
Description: It wasn't the best day for Trekkers.
Title: The iPad-controlled yacht
Description: Could this space-age high-tech superyacht be the future of nautical design? Sailors can steer the $23 million vessel 50-meters away with an i-Pad.
Title: 'Star Trek' fans denied: Moon not named 'Vulcan'
Description: It wasn't the best day for Trekkers.
Title: Teen jailed for months over Facebook 'joke'
Description: It was a sarcastic Facebook comment during an argument about a video game. And, according to the father of 19-year-old Justin Carter, it was enough to land his son behind bars for months, facing the possibility of years in prison.
Title: 10 African tech startups you need to know
Description: An Africa tech expert picks 10 exciting African tech startups building 'amazing products that can compete on the international stage.'
Title: An online summer camp for do-it-yourself kids
Description: Hey, young readers: Instead of another summer uttering the dreaded phrase "I'm bored," how about meeting a NASA astronaut or building a working potato cannon?
Title: Meet an iPad-controlled $15 million yacht
Description: Could this space-age high-tech superyacht be the future of nautical design? Sailors can steer the $23 million vessel 50-meters away with an i-Pad.
Title: In new games, gore gives way to emotion
Description: Forget the macho world of the standard shoot-'em up video game. Rather than relying on blood, gore and mayhem, a number of game developers are tapping into their inner emotions, inviting gamers along for adventures of the psyche.
Title: Team rebuilding world's first website
Description: Twenty years ago, a team of researchers shared the Web with the world. Now they want to show a generation that grew up online what it was like in its earliest days.
Title: Meet the Rules of the Internet
Description: Hello! Welcome to the Internet. It's a big place, so let me show you around.
Title: Why disc drives are an endangered species
Description: Could the phrase "burn a disc" soon be interred in the computing graveyard, resting peacefully alongside 8-bit graphics and the chirping, buzzing hum of a dial-up modem? Some of the most influential computer makers in the world say yes.
Title: Netiquette: Saying farewell
Description: So many folks manage to lose their netiquette heads when they scramble, legs flailing and akimbo, toward the denouement of events and life chapters. So here is the ultimate (get it?) digital-etiquette guide to a polite big finish.
Title: 10 smartphone habits to avoid
Description: How annoying and rude and antisocial have we all become with our smartphones? We're embarrassing ourselves all over the place. Please stop.
Title: Five texts you should never send
Description: We're texting more than ever, and, like society, the texts themselves are getting worse and worse. Read on to learn just how terrible silent cell phone users are these days.
Title: An open letter to texting-mad teenagers
Description: Put your phone down for a second, teen texters -- there are some things you've got to hear.
Title: I pushed my wheelchair 3,300 miles
Description: In doing the Push Across America, I wanted to help promote disability sports in the United States and encourage people to view athletes with disabilities in the same way they view other athletes -- in other words, no differently.
Title: From cancer patient to oncologist
Description: When I was diagnosed with cancer, my doctor told me I had "a 60% chance of survival, or maybe a little less than that."
Title: Piano marvel: short arms, 2 fingers
Description: Landon Weeks says he's learned to do the seemingly impossible, despite his physical challenges.
Title: Milk shakes and food addiction
Description: A new study provides the strongest evidence yet that certain foods trigger addictive behavior just as drugs can.
Title: Military wives lose 300 pounds
Description: Anne Moyer and Diane Ritchie relied on each other to change their eating habits and start exercising.
Title: Catching up with the Fit Nation team
Description: The CNN Fit Nation "6-pack" is keeping busy during these long summer days.
Title: Tri training: What I wish I'd known
Description: Before I applied for the CNN Fit Nation program, I thought I knew quite a bit about the sport of triathlon. I was wrong.
Title: No time? Try the 7-minute workout
Description: Seven minutes. That's the amount of time it takes to complete this high-intensity circuit training program designed to help you lose weight and get fit.
Title: I almost left my disabled daughter
Description: Once I overcame my own selfish expectations for my daughter, I slowly began to see the beautiful girl that would change my life forever.
Title: Asia's ideal: Looking Caucasian
Description: The majority of Asian facial cosmetic operations are "Westernizing" procedures. Dr. Anthony Youn questions whether this is an ethical practice.
Title: Doctor is pain medicine 'visionary' 
Description: Dr. Garret FitzGerald's career almost fell through because of a cockroach. But he went on to research how aspirin affects the heart.
Title: Avoiding heat stroke
Description: July 4th is going to be hot. Holly Firfer reports on how to enjoy the holiday without getting heat illnesses.
Title: Be safe around fireworks
Description: CNN's Mary Ellen Hopkins reports on protecting your family from injuries involving fireworks.
Title: New sunscreen label language 
Description: Start the summer with good sun protection habits. Get an understanding of some new sunscreen label language.
Title: Dirty beaches
Description: CNN's Elizabeth Cohen tells us about the water quality of beaches in the U.S.
Title: Tubing behind a boat is dangerous
Description: Tubing behind a boat is dangerous. CNN's Holly Firfer reports.
Title: Preventing lightning fatalities
Description: Pat St.Claire takes a look at how better to protect student athletes from these dangerous bolts of energy.
Title: Summer foods for weight loss 
Description: CNN's Holly Firfer looks at how eating summer fruits and vegetables can help you lose weight.
Title: Eating bugs is healthy
Description: Scorpions, crickets and other insects are inching their way into America's diets. Holly Firfer reports.
Title: Maximize your doctor's visit 
Description: Pat St.Claire asks a doctor how to maximize your doctor's visit to optimize your health.
Title: Migraine awareness
Description: What is a migraine? How do you know you have one? What can be done? CNN's Holly Firfer reports.
Title: Go for a walk after you eat
Description: Holly Firfer reports that going for a stroll after we eat may help protect us from type 2 diabetes.
Title: Warm water helps arthritis patients 
Description: CNN's Holly Firfer reports on how warm-water exercise is helping arthritis patients to have less pain and more movement.
Title: Preparing for a hurricane
Description: CNN's Shelby Lin reports on how you should prepare for a hurricane.
Title: Good fats versus bad fats 
Description: CNN's Holly Firfer tells us that not all fats are created equal. There are good fats and bad fats.
Title: Treating sunburns
Description: Holly Firfer reports on the best ways to treat a sunburn.
Title: Health risks from floods
Description: CNN's April Williams gives us tips on how to stay safe while cleaning up after a flood.
Title: Backyards can be dangerous
Description: CNN's Holly Firfer reports on four things lurking in your backyard that could be dangerous to children.
Title: Playground safety
Description: HLN's Susan Hendricks reports on what parents need to know to keep their kids injury-free on the playground.
Title: Reduce the risk of drowning
Description: Holly Firfer gives us important information about how to reduce the risk for drowning for children and families.
Title: Working out for independence
Description: Functional fitness, a type of exercise program that mimics the activities of daily life, is gaining acclaim for helping seniors get fit.
Title: Why Lentil has 90,000 friends
Description: He's 5 months old, about 10 pounds of adorable, and he already has more than 90,000 Facebook friends. Meet Lentil.
Title: Science says royal baby will be a ...
Description: Based on scientific studies, there are a number of factors suggesting Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, is more likely to have a baby girl than a boy.
Title: Funny to fit; man sheds 155 lbs
Description: Edwin Velez used to have to suck in his stomach in order to tie his shoes, and made jokes in order to hide his discomfort about his appearance.
Title: DNA pioneer Watson on 'gold rush'
Description: James Watson, 85, worked with Francis Crick to figure out that DNA, the molecule of life, has a double helix structure.
Title: How will the royal baby look?
Description: Whenever a new baby is on the way, the family can't help but speculate on what the little one might look like. When it's the future king or queen of England, the word speculates.
Title: Trainer has cerebral palsy
Description: If you would have told me that in a year I would be lifting weights over my head, flipping tires and coaching this sport, I wouldn't have believed you, but this is my reality.
Title: HIV-free after transplant
Description: Two more HIV patients have no signs of the virus in their blood following bone marrow transplants, according to the Boston researchers who treated them.
Title: Hoarders needing help
Description: CNN's Tory Dunnan has the story of one woman's struggle to break the cycle of hoarding.
Title: 5 ways to kick your soda habit
Description: Despite recent heightened awareness about its many negative effects on our health, whether it's to get through the mid-afternoon slump or paired with lunch or dinner as our beverage of choice, many of us still reach for soda daily for a jolt of caffeine and sugary satisfaction.
Title: Dining out with food allergies
Description: For the millions of Americans with severe life-threatening food allergies, dining out can feel like a minefield.
Title: 5 ways to maximize your doctor's visit
Description: How did your last doctor's appointment go? If you're like most patients, your answer might be "too quickly."
Title: Learn from my daughter's eating disorder 
Description: My daughter Catharine died after a four-year fight with anorexia nervosa. As a doctor and father, here's what I want parents to know.
Title: What -- and who -- will the royal baby look like?
Description: Whenever a new baby is on the way, the family can't help but speculate on what the little one might look like. When it's the future king or queen of England, the word speculates.
Title: Patients HIV-free for now after transplant
Description: Two more HIV patients have no signs of the virus in their blood following bone marrow transplants, according to the Boston researchers who treated them.
Title: CrossFit trainer has cerebral palsy
Description: If you would have told me that in a year I would be lifting weights over my head, flipping tires and coaching this sport, I wouldn't have believed you, but this is my reality.
Title: Obamacare delay emboldens repealers, makes it 2014 issue
Description: Soon after the Treasury Department announced Tuesday evening that a key provision in President Barack Obama's sweeping health care law will be delayed for a year, top Republicans quickly called for the Affordable Care Act, which is better known as Obamacare, to be repealed.
Title: Hoarders needing help
Description: CNN's Tory Dunnan has the story of one woman's struggle to break the cycle of hoarding.
Title: Common end-of-life medical terms 
Description: At the end of life or in critical care situations, it's common for doctors to use terms that may sound vague to friends and family members.
Title: Mysterious disorder 'life sentence'
Description: The movement disorder dystonia is cloaked in mystery and can take years to diagnose. In most cases, the cause is unknown; there is no cure.
Title: Boy hears for first time
Description: The surprise on 3-year-old Grayson Clamp's face in the video is priceless. His mouth opens wide as he points to the person in front of him speaking.
Title: HIV infections down in children
Description: The number of children living with HIV is slowing down in the areas of the world which typically account for the most new infections, the U.N. Programme on HIV/AIDS said Tuesday.
Title: #AskSanjay: Favorite brain tips
Description: CNN chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta has spent his career traveling the globe researching and reporting on how to keep your brain sharp.
Title: Sight changed by 3-D movie?
Description: Bruce Bridgeman had poor depth perception and could never see in stereo, with both eyes. After watching the 3-D movie, he says, things began to "jump out at me."
Title: No more chemo? It may happen
Description: There's a revolution occurring in cancer treatment, and it could mean the end of chemotherapy.
Title: Heart attack, stroke can trigger PTSD
Description: Douglas Mogle spent two weeks in the cardiac ICU. But the days and months after he was released were far worse.
Title: Too much of a not-so-good thing?
Description: Dr. Paul Offit, chief of the division of infectious diseases at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, warns against the dangers of too many vitamins.
Title: Step toward 'three-parent babies'
Description: The United Kingdom took a step Friday toward being the first country in the world to allow a pioneering in vitro fertilization technique using DNA from three people that could prevent mitochondrial diseases but that also raises significant ethical issues.
Title: 'Sing-Off' taps Jewel as judge
Description: "The Sing-Off" has found its new judge: Grammy-nominated singer-songwriter Jewel is coming to NBC's cult-favorite a cappella competition series this winter.
Title: Eddie Murphy returns to music
Description: Eddie Murphy is making a return to music with a new reggae single featuring Snoop Lion. HLN's A.J. Hammer reports.
Title: The work of Jim Kelly
Description: Martial arts actor Jim Kelly
Title: Up all night with Kevin Hart
Description: Kevin Hart talks with CNN about the upcoming movie based on his Let Me Explain tour, other projects he has in the works, being genuine, and exhaustion in general.
Title: 50 Cent charged with domestic violence
Description: Curtis Jackson -- known professionally as the rapper 50 Cent -- was accused by a prosecutor Wednesday of kicking a woman and ransacking her bedroom during an argument at her Los Angeles condo last month.
Title: 'Despicable' set to rule weekend
Description: Thanks to Man of Steel, Fast & Furious 6, Monsters University, and the surprising success of Now You See Me, the box office climbed to record levels in June, earning $1.25 billion — a 19 percent increase over June 2012. This week, Despicable Me 2 and The Lone Ranger, which both begin showing tonight to take advantage of the July 4th holiday weekend, will try to keep the box office firing on all cylinders. The former is poised to dominate the field, but the latter seems unlikely to lasso a big enough audience to justify its gargantuan budget. Here's how I think the box office might shake out over the Wednesday-to-Sunday period:
Title: Kris Kross star died of overdose
Description: Chris Kelly, half of the 1990s rap duo Kris Kross, died of a drug overdose that included heroin and cocaine, his autopsy report said Wednesday.
Title: Photos: Stars wearing stars and stripes
Description: 
Title: 'Sing-Off' taps Jewel as judge
Description: "The Sing-Off" has found its new judge: Grammy-nominated singer-songwriter Jewel is coming to NBC's cult-favorite a cappella competition series this winter.
Title: Q&A with funnyman Kevin Hart
Description: Kevin Hart talks with CNN about the upcoming movie based on his Let Me Explain tour, other projects he has in the works, being genuine, and exhaustion in general.
Title: Who was that masked man? The Legend of Klinton Spilsbury
Description: Resurrecting the Lone Ranger with Johnny Depp must've sounded like one of the all-time Hollywood no-brainers when it was pitched to Disney in 2011. After all, the mysterious masked man used to be the all-American icon with the greatest chase-music ("The William Tell Overture"), the greatest sidekick (Tonto), and the greatest catchphrase ("Hi-yo, Silver, away!"). Plus, though Depp was playing a boldly reimagined Tonto opposite Armie Hammer's Ranger, he was reuniting with producer Jerry Bruckheimer and director Gore Verbinski, the creative triumvirate that made Disney billions with the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise. But getting The Lone Ranger into theaters has been a bumpy ride, with an enormous budget that nearly nixed the project before it even hit the trail, subsequent reports of cost-cutting rewrites, and a dangerous horseback accident that nearly mangled Depp himself.
Title: Deen invokes same-sex marriage ruling in suit defense
Description: Celebrity chef Paula Deen hopes the Supreme Court's ruling allowing same-sex marriage to be legal in California will help in her defense against a racial discrimination lawsuit.
Title: Ruben Studdard joins 'Biggest Loser'
Description: Have you ever seen a Velvet Teddy Bear with rock-hard abs? American Idol alum Ruben Studdard, who beat Clay Aiken back in 2003 to earn the season 2 crown, is moving on to a new reality competition: The Biggest Loser.
Title: The hot albums and festivals this summer
Description: Summer is the best time for outdoor musical festivals and blasting music with all the windows open. We've done the legwork for you, and compiled what should be some of the best albums of the season, and the most tent-worthy festivals, organized by region.
Title: More cop trouble for Bieber
Description: The singer-heartthrob was reportedly involved in an accident in Los Angeles on Monday night involving a pedestrian.
Title: Fox fall premiere dates get jump on rivals
Description: Fox has released a fall premiere date schedule that gets the jump on rivals.
Title: 'The Voice' winner talks triumph
Description: "The Voice" crowned Texas teen Danielle Bradbery its new winner on Tuesday, proving to the country singer that she could do what she'd thought to be impossible.
Title: Selma Blair exits 'Anger Management'
Description: Charlie Sheen's FX comedy "Anger Management" has lost a leading lady.
Title: Dan Harmon sorry for trashing 'Community' 
Description: And thus another Harmontroversy draws to a close — at least, until the Community creator ruffles another set of feathers. (In other words: Watch this space.)
Title: 20 shows to watch this summer
Description: Summer doesn't have to be a bleak time for television-viewing -- some of the best shows on the air ("Breaking Bad") or on Netflix ("Arrested Development") are on just in time for Memorial Day and beyond.
Title: Brad Pitt: From 'Dallas' to 'World War Z'
Description: 
Title: What to read this summer: 20 picks
Description: 
Title: 'Sopranos' cast mourns James Gandolfini
Description: 
Title: Kanye West's controversial moments
Description: 
Title: Sexiest celebrity dads
Description: 
Title: All grown-up: Child star transformations
Description: 
Title: 'Walking Dead' creator on show's success
Description: "The Walking Dead" creator Robert Kirkman explains why the show resonates. See the full interview Friday at 11 p.m. ET.
Title: Martin Short 'empowered' by loss
Description: Martin Short on enduring loss at a young age and how his close-knit upbringing inspired him as a dad.
Title: George and Keanu's excellent adventure
Description: Strombo visits Keanu Reeves' Arch Motorcycles where the actor reveals a previously unknown side of himself.
Title: Jackson kids' testimony shown
Description: Paris and Prince Jackson made their first appearances Tuesday in the wrongful death trial against their father's last concert promoter.
Title: The Jackson family tree's many branches
Description: 
Title: Execs face questions about Jackson death
Description: AEG Live asked Michael Jackson's estate to repay the concert promoter $300,000 for Dr. Conrad Murray's fee three weeks after Jackson's death, court testimony revealed Monday.
Title: MJ before death: 'God keeps talking to me'
Description: Michael Jackson told his tour director days before he died he was hearing God's voice, a producer testified Wednesday.
Title: Witness: Jackson was paranoid in last days
Description: Michael Jackson appeared paranoid, repeating himself and shivering from chills in his final days, his longtime makeup artist testified Thursday.
Title: Photos: Who's who in the Jackson trial
Description: 
Title: Summer movie guide: Top 20 picks
Description: This year's summer movie season is all about asking "What if?"
Title: 'World War Z' is 'scary good'
Description: Just about every zombie movie I can think of is set, for the most part, in tightly defined spaces where groups of survivors huddle to fend off the flesh-hungry hordes outside.
Title: At 75, is Superman over the hill?
Description: In the comic-book world, he is sometimes derided as "the big blue Boy Scout."
Title: World's 100 best beaches
Description: The greatest list of beaches ever produced -- all that's left for you to do is read, relax and respond.
Title: Best little American beach towns
Description: The Great American Beach Town, apart from being idle as all get out, is also resolutely democratic, conscious that the sand belongs to all.
Title: 5 storied beach trips
Description: Crashing waves. Windy bluffs. The mystique of the high seas and whatever lies beyond: Seaside places possess a dramatic allure that's naturally attractive to storytellers. Maybe that's why so many famous writers have chosen to live, work and set their fiction by the ocean.
Title: 7 amazing island rentals
Description: When even the most secluded beach on the mainland is too crowded, there's always the option of renting a private island for your vacation. Really.
Title: World's 50 best surf spots
Description: Maybe you surf, maybe you don't. It doesn't matter. Everyone who's been to the beach in the last 50 years is influenced by surf culture.
Title: Intriguing summer escapes 
Description: These aren't your typical Southern escapes. From an African safari-style tent in Texas Hill Country to skeet shooting from a former Coast Guard station 34 miles offshore, these spots offer a little something different.
Title: Isle Royale: An isolated paradise
Description: Talk about a vast, isolated island wilderness.
Title: Yosemite: A national park jewel
Description: Yosemite National Park has almost everything a nature lover could desire: Glorious waterfalls, spectacular meadows and valleys, groves of ancient sequoias and the wildlife that call the park home.
Title: Cuyahoga Valley: A spiritual retreat 
Description: There's romance in our National Parks, and not just the human kind. A self-described hopeless romantic, park ranger Margaret Adams likes to lead the full moon night hikes at Cuyahoga Valley National Park in Ohio.
Title: Camping: Horror or bliss?
Description: Jared Kennedy remembers waking up in the middle of the night to creatures scratching at his tent on every side when he was 15. Don't try to get this 32-year-old to sleep in a tent now. He's done.
Title: Heartbroken? 5 recovery ideas
Description: If you need relationship recovery, consider these escapes as a way to say hello to the rest of your life.
Title: To Disney or not to Disney?
Description: There's no shortage of passion on the topic of Disney: It's pure magic for many travelers, but for others the princesses and the commercialism put Disney's empire firmly on their must-not-see lists.
Title: Kumbh Mela festival
Description: 
Title: Dream trips
Description: Imagine kicking back on a private island in the Bahamas where the staff caters to your every whim.
Title: Fun with ice
Description: Some people think the only cure for the doldrums of winter is sunshine. Far from it. Why not up the ante? Don't suffer snow and ice at home when you can really do winter vacations and ice holidays in style.
Title: 2013 wish list
Description: We've all got them: places that live large in imagination or memory, begging us to hop on a plane to uncover their delicious mysteries. Here a handful of CNN correspondents name their dream destinations.
Title: Bizarre buildings 
Description: Bizarre is in the eye of the beholder.
Title: Penguins
Description: Hankering to see some happy feet? Antarctica is far from your only option.
Title: Otherworldly places
Description: We can't visit Mars (yet), but our own planet's unique terrain presents plenty of landscapes with an out-of-this-world feel. Check out iReporters' otherworldly photos, which cover a lot of ground on Earth.
Title: Nice, France
Description: Nice, France, draws celebrities and tourists from all over the world -- for good reason. Check out iReporters' snapshots to see why.
Title: Summer trips
Description: We can't take every summer vacation we'd like to take, but CNN iReporters can certainly take us to some of those places. Here, iReporters share some of their summer travels and photos, which cover a lot of terrain.
Title: Virgin Islands
Description: The British and U.S. Virgin Islands offer crystal blue waters and beautifully serene escapes. iReporters shared their photos with us.
Title: Paris
Description: As Valentine's Day approaches, we explore all of Paris' glittering allure through the beautiful photos submitted by our iReporters.
Title: Autumn color
Description: Mark Collier grew up in the mountains of Vermont. Every autumn, he would see an influx of tourists flood his state to get a glimpse of the brilliant fall leaves. He didn't get what the big deal was, but he understands now.
Title: London landmarks
Description: London is brimming with historic and iconic sights that create perfect picture postcards. iReporters take us on their own personal tour of London's best with their photos.
Title: Morocco
Description: 
Title: Dig in: Top sand sculpture events
Description: Your days at the beach with a bucket and shovel making castles in the sand were child's play compared to what you'll see at sand sculpting events.
Title: America's top free attractions
Description: Enjoying what America has to offer can get expensive fast, but not all great attractions charge a fee. Check out great art, fabulous jazz and inspiring memorials across the country.
Title: Best little American beach towns
Description: The Great American Beach Town, apart from being idle as all get out, is also resolutely democratic, conscious that the sand belongs to all.
Title: 9 classic U.S. dive bars
Description: What makes a classic dive bar? Everything from octogenarian bartenders to surly bouncers, ghosts and incontinent chickens.
Title: See Alaska's brown bears
Description: Head to the stunning Katmai National Park & Preserve in Alaska, where park ranger Roy Wood shares his favorite spots in the park. The brown bears are already catching the sockeye salmon that started running the river in late June.
Title: 8 hotels still fresh at 100
Description: Whenever a new hotel opens, guests are quick to flock there, clamoring for its shiny new rooms and state-of-the-art features. But there's something to be said for staying at a venerable older property, like these top-rated hotels that are each celebrating their centennial this year.
Title: Stalking world's biggest planes
Description: You don't have to be an aviation geek to appreciate the beauty of the world's biggest planes. Here's where you can find giants with names like The Mriya, the Dreamlifter and the Super Guppy.
Title: 5 storied beach trips
Description: Crashing waves. Windy bluffs. The mystique of the high seas and whatever lies beyond: Seaside places possess a dramatic allure that's naturally attractive to storytellers and beachgoers alike.
Title: Today's photo: Hawaiian wave
Description: See stunning shots from around the world, and be sure to come back every day for a new image.
Title: Thrilling Hong Kong airport photos
Description: Pilot and photographer remember Kai Tak airport -- from the fondest to the scariest moments
Title: Airports where architecture soars
Description: It's about making an entrance. Dramatic entries are a given with air travel, and airports should convey a sense of welcome and arrival to travelers landing in a new city, says architecture critic Paul Goldberger.
Title: 8 hotel fees that may surprise you
Description: We've come to expect fees for hotel WiFi and parking, but as lodging fees pile up, there are some that may come as a surprise to even the seasoned business traveler.
Title: River cruising the U.S.A. 
Description: Holly Firfer shows us how to see America on a river cruise.
Title: Pretzel meteor? Art in flight
Description: She's really very stealthy. Nina Katchadourian has been creating unusual works of art from her airplane seat -- and occasionally the lavatory -- since 2010, and only three people have ever asked about her in-flight activities.
Title: Relax, get fit
Description: If you're so tied to your work and smart phone that you can't take a break, these wellness retreats in and around the U.S. may convince you to step away from the business world to embrace a healthier lifestyle.
Title: Can Dreamliner still live up to its name?
Description: This was no ordinary plane ride. On Monday, the 787 returned to domestic service after a four-month grounding. After months of concern about the 787's future, the excitement and tension were palpable.
Title: Best indie bookstores 
Description: While it's hard to beat the Internet for efficiency, virtual book-buying can't satisfy the same itch for discovery that browsing in person can. Mystery writer Hilary Davidson shares her top North American havens for book lovers.
Title: 12 alternative Italian hot spots
Description: Some of Italy's lesser known towns and villages are equally, or more, impressive as the bigger drawcards. Here are our favorites.
Title: 20 of the world's best sights
Description: You heard of the two guys who recently opted in to a two-year, $1.5 million holiday? These are some of the sights they'll be privy to.
Title: Wild U.S.: 7 places to see it
Description: Check out one naturalist's favorite places to appreciate what's truly wild in the United States.
Title: World's best airport hotels
Description: How close are you to the airport? Is there a decent bar or restaurant on site? The worn-down, travel-weary businessperson is looking for proximity, convenience and comfortable amenities in an airport hotel. There's little time to waste.
Title: Top free U.S. attractions
Description: Enjoying what America has to offer can get expensive fast, but not all great attractions charge a fee.
Title: 9 classic U.S. dive bars
Description: What makes a classic dive bar? Everything from octogenarian bartenders to surly bouncers, ghosts and incontinent chickens.
Title: A ranger's guide to Gettysburg
Description: The ferocious Battle of Gettysburg, considered a turning point in the Civil War, occurred 150 years ago this week. Check out some of a military park ranger's favorite spots.
Title: 8 hotels still fresh at 100
Description: Whenever a new hotel opens, guests are quick to flock there, clamoring for its shiny new rooms and state-of-the-art features. But there's something to be said for staying at a venerable older property, like these top-rated hotels that are each celebrating their centennial this year.
Title: World's 100 best beaches
Description: The greatest list of beaches ever produced -- all that's left for you to do is read, relax and respond.
Title: A ranger's guide to Gettysburg
Description: The ferocious Battle of Gettysburg, considered a turning point in the Civil War, occurred 150 years ago this week. Check out some of a military park ranger's favorite spots.
Title: How Cambodia's Khmer empire just got bigger
Description: Outside of Siem Reap, the results of an airborne laser survey confirm the existence of a medieval city buried beneath impenetrable jungle on a remote mountain.
Title: The world's messiest festivals
Description: There is something innately messy about summer. The air's more pungent, bodies are stickier, and people seem more willing to make a mess. That must be why some of the world's filthiest festivals bide their time until the warmer months.
Title: Richard Branson: How to complain
Description: Richard Branson, who once received what's widely considered the world's best complaint letter, is sharing another one with his 3 million Twitter followers. Fortunately for him, it was sent to another airline.
Title: Snobbiest cities in the U.S. are ...
Description: Travel + Leisure asked its readers to rank 35 major metropolitan areas in terms of snobbishness. Here are the 'winners.'
Title: America's most luxurious airport layovers (yes, they exist)
Description: Not so long ago, having a layover between flights was like having skin graft surgery between root canals. Not anymore.
Title: Five airline 'near misses' prompt call for changes in safety rules
Description: Five close calls involving passenger jets at big U.S. airports prompted a recommendation on Monday for new rules to prevent planes from getting dangerously close to each other when one aborts a landing.
Title: Pop-up hotels: Catch them while you can 
Description: A new breed of accommodation is appearing, housed in anything from tepees to old shipping containers
Title: The 8 best beer towns in the USA
Description: The nation's civic leaders in making, celebrating and, of course, drinking hop juice.
Title: Wild U.S.: 7 places to see it
Description: Check out one naturalist's favorite places to appreciate what's truly wild in the United States.
Title: The D.C. you don't know
Description: Washington is a town of majestic monuments. But if you limit your sightseeing to the obvious -- if you ignore the obscure -- you'll miss the good stuff.
Title: Hottest travel spots in the U.S.
Description: Attention American travel aficionados: There's no need to leave the United States to find the next hot destination.
Title: 7 gross wonders across America
Description: Gross is everywhere. It's in the food we eat, it's in nature, and of course, we ourselves might be the greatest source of grossness.
Title: 4 must-sees for military buffs 
Description: Hundreds of American travel destinations honor the nation's history of military readiness and sacrifice. As Veterans Day approaches, consider visiting these four fascinating military marvels.
Title: America's best historic restaurants
Description: In this follow-up tribute to historic restaurants, we've zeroed in on veteran eateries that thrive outside of America's biggest cities.
Title: 8 hotels still fresh at 100
Description: Whenever a new hotel opens, guests are quick to flock there, clamoring for its shiny new rooms and state-of-the-art features. But there's something to be said for staying at a venerable older property, like these top-rated hotels that are each celebrating their centennial this year.
Title: 6 hot resorts for adults only
Description: It's not enough to eat good food, sit by the beach and sleep in for a week. Sometimes you need to make the most of downtime by stripping away anything that could potentially cause stress, including children.
Title: Over-the-top U.S. hotel suites
Description: Indoor basketball courts and bathrooms that belong in museums -- the United States has got some crazy indulgent hotel suites with price tags to match
Title: Gatsby glam: 8 grand estates
Description: Take a heady trip back to Jazz Age opulence with a photo tour of Long Island's Gold Coast, a wealthy retreat near New York City where F. Scott Fitzgerald set "The Great Gatsby."
Title: Don Draper's New York
Description: Thanks to hard-drinking, hardworking Don Draper, we've traveled through the '60s in style. Now let's take a look at the ad man's New York.
Title: 'Downton' in America: 6 big estates
Description: Few of us can imagine living the opulent "Downton Abbey" lives of the fictional Crawley family at the turn of the 20th century.
Title: Eat Like a Local: Share your picks
Description: Hungry travelers are seeking authentic culinary experiences at home and abroad.
Title: Picture perfect Northern lights
Description: iReporter Malcolm Park captures the beauty of the northern lights in time lapse over Ontario, Canada.
Title: Travel photo of the day
Description: Each day, CNN producers select a user-submitted photo to be our Travel Photo of the Day. Click through the gallery above to see stunning shots from around the world, and be sure to come back every day for a new image. Have a gorgeous travel photo of your own to share? Submit it for the gallery at CNN iReport!
Title: The journey that inspired you
Description: You sent us photos of a journey you had taken to another country, where you were inspired by a different culture.
Title: 10 trips to change a kid's life
Description: Want to spot dolphins in Florida, peer over the edge of the Grand Canyon or dig for bits of history near an Irish castle? These are all trips that can change the way your child (and maybe you) see the world.
Title: Five spectacular art fair cities
Description: If you're of the opinion that the only thing better than viewing great art is owning it, put these destinations on your travel itinerary.
Title: World's 7 most remote islands
Description: Leave the snorkels and beach towels at home if you dare visit these forbidding islands.
Title: 10 budget all-inclusive resorts
Description: It's a fact that all-inclusive resorts can be expensive, but these 10 spots won't break the bank or surprise you with caveats.
Title: The world's most colorful cities
Description: Whether a monochromatic yellow or featuring every color in the Crayola box, these cites are guaranteed to brighten your day.
Title: 10 top value destinations for 2013
Description: With airfares likely to increase through the new year, travelers are looking to get the biggest bang for their buck. A new list from Lonely Planet offers 10 ideas for great-value getaways.
Title: Five places to find mermaids
Description: Mythical mermaids have fascinated humans for centuries, and alluring creatures in bikini tops and fish tails seem to be keeping the love alive. Here are five places to find them.
Title: The gift of paid paternity leave
Description: Joe Schroeder enjoyed every moment of his three months of paid leave after the birth of his daughter. But his situation is far from the norm in the United States, one of few countries without paid leave for the birth of a child.
Title: Preschoolers: Littlest graduates
Description: With graduation tassels made of fruit loops, miniature diplomas, kiddie proms and even yearbooks, teachers and parents made sure the passage to kindergarten was marked in style.
Title: Give 20-something moms a break
Description: Rather than pull unmarried 20-somethings into the same rhetoric we've heard for teen moms—that we're destroying our children's lives, not to mention our own—why not have a real discussion about the real changes in our society?
Title: What would Brian do?
Description: Robert Yoon and Brian Hull became friends in high school after learning they shared a birthday. When Brian died at 22, Robert learned a whole new lesson about friendship and reaching out.
Title: Greetings from Campowerment
Description: Campowerment is like sleepaway camp -- making new friends, cooking your own meals, being far away from home and your cell phone -- but it's for adult women, and it's life-changing.
Title: More cohabitation, then marriage
Description: As the stigma of "living in sin" fades and more people delay marriage, researchers find that living together beforehand can mean stability.
Title: From bloomers to bikinis
Description: Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini? Swim trunks or a snug Speedo? The urge to spend those long, summer days on the beach hasn't changed -- but boy, the swimsuits have.
Title: How to get hair 'to dye for'
Description: Whether they're covering up the salt in their salt-and-pepper strands or just adding some glossy oomph, 78 million women in the United States dye their hair, according to research from Garnier. Maybe it's the first time you've colored yours, or perhaps you've been doing it for so long you hardly remember what your natural color looks like, but either way, the game has changed.
Title: Secondhand style all the rage
Description: Thrift store clothing and vintage items are showing up in couture, street wear, even everyday office wear. There's even a hit song about value shopping.
Title: CNN's 'Open House' project
Description: Boy howdy, does the CNN Living team love a house tour! There's just something captivating about walking through a beautiful house, being inspired by design choices and seeing the personal treasures that make a home. And what better place to start a home tour than the front door?
Title: Ever fall in love with a staircase?
Description: There are plenty of reasons to fall in love with a staircase.
Title: Make an entrance: Foyer decor
Description: When you open the front door, there it is: The place you leave keys, stow your umbrella, check yourself in the mirror and -- play piano?
Title: Secrets to shopping flea markets
Description: In general, the earlier you arrive to a flea market or yard sale, the greater the selection. The later you go, the better the bargain.
Title: Stop snap-happy wedding guests
Description: What's the right amount of documentation for a wedding, and should it be left to the pros? Some couples are crowdsourcing images from guests, while others want guests to "unplug" and put away their cameras.
Title: From fashion statement to symbol 
Description: When Texas state Sen. Wendy Davis made headlines for a filibuster opposing an abortion bill, it was more than her speech that generated buzz. Davis donned hot pink running shoes as she attempted a 13-hour stand against a Texas bill that includes a provision to ban abortions after the 20th week of pregnancy.
Title: Paul Frank taps Native artists
Description: A powwow-themed party that critics called a "perfect storm of bad stereotypes" has led to collaboration between Paul Frank Industries and Native American designers on a new line of clothing and accessories.
Title: When teen drama turns deadly
Description: It's hard to distinguish between typical teen drama and dating violence. But some schools are teaching students the warning signs in an effort to make them engaged bystanders.
Title: Khaled Hosseini talks parenthood
Description: Being a father has had an unexpected result for best-selling author Khaled Hosseini -- it's boosted his fan base. Now he has a new book out and is advocating for refugees worldwide.
Title: Rape jokes: What's so funny?
Description: Did you hear the one about the rape joke?
Title: From bloomers to bikinis
Description: Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini? Swim trunks or a snug Speedo? The urge to spend those long, summer days on the beach hasn't changed -- but boy, the swimsuits have.
Title: 10 weird zoo animal escapes
Description: Rusty the red panda is the most recent zoo animal to prove it truly is a jungle out there. On Monday, the National Zoo in Washington announced that little Rusty had gone missing.
Title:  'Copper': Costuming an era
Description: The historical costumes of 'Copper' allow the actors to embody their characters, from how they work, move and breathe in the garments to the choices in design and color their fictional counterparts might make.
Title: Lessons learned too late
Description: Robert Yoon and Brian Hull became friends in high school after learning they shared a birthday. When Brian died at 22, Robert learned a whole new lesson about friendship and reaching out.
Title: 'Claire DeWitt' is a dreamy mystery
Description: Claire DeWitt, the self-described "world's greatest private eye," returns in her second adventure from author Sara Gran in "Claire DeWitt and the Bohemian Highway," hitting bookstores this week.
Title: Modern dads, new expectations
Description: If today's dad is no longer the all-business provider who is less emotionally engaged than Mom, then who is he? And do we appreciate him for his sacrifices as much as we do mothers?
Title: Parents: Avoid these Facebookers
Description: A parent's Facebook newsfeed is a relations minefield. Think carefully before friending your kid's teacher, pediatrician or babysitter.
Title: Gadgets to distract kids? No biggie.
Description: "Half of Parents Admit to Using Tech as Baby Sitters," the headline shouted. As I sat staring at the words, I knew I was supposed to feel some kind of outrage, but all I could muster was a "so what?"
Title: Teacher wears outfit for 40 years
Description: A recently retired Texas gym teacher wore the same outfit for every yearbook photo throughout his 40-year career.
Title: Secrets to yard sale shopping
Description: In general, the earlier you arrive to a flea market or yard sale, the greater the selection. The later you go, the better the bargain.
Title: Her take: Real men talk, not text 
Description: Roxanne Jones says it's shocking how many adult men are cowards when it comes to romancing women
Title: No matchy-matchy in the bedroom, please
Description: If there's one thing that kills bedroom coziness, home decorators say, it's a bed-in-a-bag set.
Title: 10 stories in 2013 that will make you proud to be an American
Description: In some ways, it has been a pretty tough year for America -- and a year for tough Americans.
Title: Paula Deen: Comfort food, uncomfortable topics
Description: Good conversations can happen when people gather together around a dinner table - and recent news has given us an awful lot to chew on.
Title: How not to be a scary stage parent
Description: A study investigates what makes some stage parents push kids to great heights: Their own thwarted ambition.
Title: Same-sex couple 'half-married'?
Description: Married in their own hearts for 12 years, Rose Arce and her partner, Maria, decided a visit to the courthouse was in order when medical benefits were on the line. But even then, they were only 'half married.'
Title: Surviving middle school -- again
Description: About a year ago, I sat in the auditorium at South Orange Middle School in suburban New Jersey and listened to the cheerful principal prepare the incoming sixth-grade parents for what would lie ahead. The big, bad dreaded middle school years were upon us. After the principal posted his Twitter handle so we could get his feed on our digital devices, he then tried to assure the jittery crowd that middle school isn't as awful as it used to be.
Title: Amid fury, Clorox pulls post insulting new dads
Description: Just when you think derogatory stereotypes about dads are on the decline as fathers take a more hands-on role in child-rearing, along comes an online posting by a major brand that shows not everyone got the memo.
Title: Picking the perfect craft beer
Description: CNN's resident "beer guy" Nathan Berrong has your top tips for finding a new favorite brew.
Title: Find décor inspiration in your closet
Description: With warm weather under way, there's no better time to update your living quarters. But how do you turn your home into a space that reflects your personality?
Title: Spring beauty and fashion fixes
Description: Makeup maven Bobbi Brown and fashion expert Suze Yalof Schwartz answer Health magazine readers' springtime conundrums.
Title: 10 weird zoo animal escapes
Description: Rusty the red panda is the most recent zoo animal to prove it truly is a jungle out there. On Monday, the National Zoo in Washington announced that little Rusty had gone missing.
Title: Celebrating our pets
Description: It's National Pet Week and Be Kind to Animals Week -- yes, our fuzzy overlords are so powerful, they now get simultaneous celebratory weeks.
Title: Ex-racehorses get new life
Description: When a racing or breeding career ends, thoroughbreds quickly lose value. Organizations are working to provide adoption and retirement options that save them from the slaughterhouse.
Title: Khaled Hosseini talks parenthood
Description: Being a father has had an unexpected result for best-selling author Khaled Hosseini -- it's boosted his fan base. Now he has a new book out and is advocating for refugees worldwide.
Title: 'Claire DeWitt' is a dreamy mystery
Description: Claire DeWitt, the self-described "world's greatest private eye," returns in her second adventure from author Sara Gran in "Claire DeWitt and the Bohemian Highway," hitting bookstores this week.
Title: Judy Blume hits the big screen
Description: Four decades after "Are You There God?" jump-started author Judy Blume's prolific career, her first novel to be adapted into a major motion picture hits theaters this weekend.
Title: Fighting for 'throwaway' girls
Description: Less than half of U.S. teen moms graduate high school. Principal Asenath Andrews, who runs a school for pregnant girls, believes that's a slow death for them by lack of opportunities.
Title: Rape jokes: What's so funny?
Description: Did you hear the one about the rape joke?
Title: Are female leaders too 'cheerful'?
Description: Smart women face tough choices: should they try to be perceived as competent or likeable? A recent study suggests cheerfulness could hold them back.
Title: Former student claims he also had affair with teacher accused of having pupil's baby
Description: A day after Redlands, Calif.
Title: Notes from the fire: Hotshot fighters recall life fighting flames
Description: Nineteen Hotshot firefighters in Arizona died in a massive forest blaze this week, leaving behind family, friends and many questions about what went wrong.
Title: Man tried to dupe Boston bombings fund of $2 million using dead aunt's name: Mass. AG
Description: 
Title: Zimmerman received 'A' in college course that addressed self-defense
Description: 
Title: Hernandez 'flop house' yields ammunition, hooded sweatshirt
Description: 
Title: North Carolina Senate passes restrictive abortion bill
Description: As legislators in Texas prepare a last-ditch effort to pass a controversial abortion bill, senators in North Carolina convened for a surprise vote to add more restrictions to abortions in the state.
Title: Former Ill. Gov. George Ryan released from custody
Description: Former Illinois Gov. George Ryan is officially a free man.The 79-year-old spent more than five years in prison for corruption, and in January he was moved to home confinement.
Title: Ariel Castro deemed mentally fit to stand trial, denied access to 6-year-old daughter
Description: The Cleveland man who allegedly kidnapped and held captive three women in his basement for more than a decade has been deemed mentally fit to stand trial.
Title: Teacher arrested after allegedly having student's baby
Description: A Redlands, Calif., high school teacher who allegedly gave birth to a baby fathered by a teen student has been arrested for having sex with the male pupil.
Title: Investigators probe erratic blaze that killed 19 elite Arizona firefighters
Description: 
Title: Band of Brothers: 3 Texas siblings at West Point
Description: WEST POINT, N.Y.
Title: Officials: Survivor of Arizona fire crew followed protocol; blaze now partly contained
Description: 
Title: Officials: Survivor of Arizona fire crew followed protocol
Description: 
Title: Public input limited as Texas anti-abortion bill comes back up for debate
Description: Texas Republicans began trying again Tuesday to pass one of the most restrictive abortion laws in the U.S.
Title: NY homeowners sue power companies for devastating fires during Superstorm Sandy
Description: 
Title: As Americans prepare to celebrate freedom, officials increase security
Description: 
Title: FBI surveillance reveals terrorist-linked cleric Anwar al-Awlaki had a taste for pizza and call girls
Description: Anwar al-Awlaki, the U.S.-born Muslim cleric who was killed by a U.S.
Title: Lead investigator: Zimmerman may have exaggerated his injuries
Description: 
Title: Prosecution rests in Manning's WikiLeaks trial
Description: FORT MEADE, Md. -- Prosecutors rested their case against Pfc. Bradley Manning on Tuesday after presenting evidence from 80 witnesses, trying to prove the former U.S.
Title: Casey Anthony wins partial victory in bankruptcy court
Description: A Florida bankruptcy judge granted, in part, Casey Anthony’s request to dismiss the charges filed against her by a nonprofit organization that aided in the search for her daughter.
Title: Judge enters not guilty plea for Fort Hood suspect
Description: A military judge entered a not-guilty plea Tuesday for the Army psychiatrist charged in the deadly 2009 Fort Hood shooting rampage. Maj. Nidal Hasan refused to enter a plea.
Title: Suspect in nanny-cam beating pleads not guilty
Description: A man broke into a New Jersey home and beat a woman for 10 minutes while her three-year-old daughter watched.
Title: Prosecutor guns for Whitey Bulger with jailhouse tapes
Description: 
Title: Video shows police shooting dog during owner's arrest
Description: 
Title: Airliner near-misses prompt call for changes to 'go-around' rules
Description: 
Title: What's next for Egypt?
Description: 
Title: Egyptian military says it has ousted Morsi; crowds celebrate in Cairo
Description: 
Title: Supporters of Egyptian president say military coup is underway
Description: CAIRO — Armored cars, tanks and troops deployed in the Egyptian capital on Wednesday, and advisers said they had lost contact with President Mohammed Morsi in what they described as a military coup.
Title: Key players in the Egyptian crisis
Description: Egypt's armed forces and its Islamist president refused to back down Wednesday as a deadline for a military takeover passed with rival demonstrators out in force in the streets of Cairo.
Title: Supporters of Egyptian president say military coup is under way
Description: CAIRO — Forces allied with the president of Egypt said Wednesday that a military coup was under way and that tanks were on the move outside Cairo.
Title: Turkish court ruling would block disputed park project
Description: 
Title: Deadline passes in Egypt with president and military still at impasse
Description: 
Title: Snowden hunt: Bolivia complains to UN over 'abduction' of its president
Description: 
Title: Snowden hunt: Bolivia complains to UN over 'forced abduction' of its president
Description: 
Title: Islamist leader to militants: 'Do everything possible' to prevent Sochi 2014 Olympics
Description: MOSCOW -- The leader of an Islamist insurgency has called on militants to "do everything possible" to prevent the upcoming Winter Olympics in the Russian city of Sochi.
Title: Egypt's president, top general ready to die as power struggle enters 'final hours'
Description: 
Title: The hunt for Edward Snowden: Search of presidential jet angers Bolivia
Description: 
Title: Snowden hunt: Search of presidential jet angers Bolivia
Description: 
Title: What is Egypt's 'rebel' opposition asking for?
Description: 
Title: Egypt's opposition attacks Morsi for 'following footsteps of the USA'
Description: 
Title: 17 killed by US drone strike that 'jolted' entire Pakistani town
Description: PESHAWAR, Pakistan -- At least 17 people were killed in a U.S drone attack in the volatile North Waziristan tribal region in northwest Pakistan early Wednesday, officials said.
Title: Egypt's Morsi says he won't step down, vows to protect his legitimacy
Description: CAIRO -  In a passionate address to the nation Tuesday, Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi  said he would not step down and vowed to protect his democratic constitutional legitimacy with his life.
Title: Specter of Snowden grounds Bolivian presidential plane
Description: 
Title: Egypt's Morsi calls on military to withdraw ultimatum
Description: 
Title: Man killed by three caged tigers in Italy
Description: ROME — A 72-year-old man was killed by three tigers in a closed-down zoo in northern Italy after he entered the animals' cage to feed them, media reports said on Tuesday.
Title: Study: Growing number of children sexually abused via webcams
Description: 
Title: Clock ticks for Egypt's Morsi as army ultimatum deadline looms
Description: 
Title: NSA leaker Edward Snowden's escape routes dwindle as countries rule out asylum
Description: NSA leaker Edward Snowden's options dwindled Tuesday as several countries he'd sought refuge in revealed he was not eligible for asylum.
Title: Obama, UN urge Morsi to listen as clock ticks on army ultimatum
Description: 
Title: U.S., Russia remove potential atom bomb material from Vietnam
Description: 
Title: PBT: Celtics hire Stevens away from Butler
Description: 
Title: Murray survives 5-setter to reach Wimbledon semis
Description: 
Title: Posnanski: Handing out predictive Midseason Awards
Description: 
Title: HBT: Homer Bailey throws second no-hitter of career
Description: 
Title: Britain's electricity grid takes big hit from marijuana farms
Description: Britain's energy regulator proposed new rules to combat electricity theft on Wednesday, revealing that up to one-third of electricity stolen each year is used to power illegal cannabis farms.
Title: Obamacare delay: Don't expect hiring boom
Description: Don’t expect a hiring boom.
Title: Stocks up in short session; unfazed by Egypt, Portugal woes
Description: 
Title: Independence Day from petroleum? We're closer
Description: 
Title: Ex-Tiffany exec charged in $1.3M jewel theft
Description: A former executive with Tiffany &amp; Co. stole diamond and other jewelry from the famed company's Manhattan headquarters and resold it for more than $1.3 million, U.S. authorities said.
Title: Ex-Tiffany exec charged in $1.3 mln jewel theft
Description: A former executive with Tiffany &amp; Co. stole diamond and other jewelry from the famed company's Manhattan headquarters and resold it for more than $1.3 million, U.S. authorities said.
Title: Some San Franciscans chafe at America's Cup costs
Description: They are the most advanced sailboats money can buy, a hobby for billionaires who race them in a region home to more than a few of them.
Title: Stocks slip as global concerns offset good US jobs data
Description: Stocks opened slightly lower on Wednesday as political instability in Portugal and Egypt and slowing growth in China offset some better-than-expected U.S. employment data.
Title: Private jobs jump, jobless claims fall = healing labor market
Description: Private companies hired 188,000 new workers in June, considerably better than expectations, indicating the job market continues to heal slowly, according to a report from ADP.
Title: Fired Groupon CEO releases rock album
Description: Ex-Groupon CEO Andrew Mason has never been one to follow the beaten path, so it only makes sense that once he got the boot from Groupon, his next move was to record a rock album.
Title: Oklahoma, Nebraska ask Google to stop ads for illegal products 
Description: 
Title: Dow drops after see-saw day; concerns on Fed, Egypt weigh
Description: 
Title: Car sales are on a roll, but the economy? Not so much 
Description: The economy has multiple personality disorder.The nation's auto companies are reveling in their strongest monthly sales in about five years. The housing market is rebounding.
Title: Stocks turn negative on Fed concerns, Egypt turmoil
Description: 
Title: Pickups drive Big-Three automakers' best sales since slump
Description: Detroit’s Big Three automakers on Tuesday reported their strongest monthly sales since the industry went into a slump, thanks to brisk business in pick-up trucks.June’s strong performance by the U.S.
Title: Strong factory orders drive stocks higher; Dow over 15,000
Description: Stocks rose for a second day on Tuesday, with the Dow climbing back above the psychologically-important 15,000-point level, following a better-than-expected factory orders report.
Title: Breathe easy: Honda, GM team up for zero emission autos
Description: General Motors and Honda are teaming up to bring zero-emission hydrogen fuel-cell technology to the mass market by the end of the decade, the makers announced Tuesday morning.
Title: Chrysler, Ford US auto sales jump in June
Description: Chrysler's U.S. sales in June rose 8 percent on strong demand for its two best-selling vehicles, the Ram full-size pickup truck and Jeep Grand Cherokee SUV, the company said on Tuesday.
Title: July Fourth joy: Gas prices take a tumble for the holiday 
Description: Here’s something motorists can celebrate: U.S. fuel prices have taken a sharp tumble over the past week, dipping below $3.
Title: Stocks waver, open flat before key economic data 
Description: Stocks struggled for direction at the opening on Tuesday as investors took a breather following a modest rally the day before and ahead of key factory orders data.
Title: Chrysler's US auto sales rise 8 percent in June
Description: Chrysler's U.S. sales in June rose 8 percent on strong demand for its two best-selling vehicles, the Ram full-size pickup truck and Jeep Cherokee SUV, the company said on Tuesday.
Title: Winklevoss twins plan IPO for Bitcoins digital money
Description: 
Title: Cut back on Champagne and caviar, Jeeves, it's too expensive now!
Description: The cost of living the good life in London is rising fast.
Title: Microsoft's Xbox chief leaving to head Zynga
Description: Executive Don Mattrick, who unveiled the Xbox One in May, is leaving Microsoft to head Zynga, the struggling online social gaming company best known for FarmVille.
Title: Microsoft's Xbox chief to leave to head Zynga
Description: Executive Don Mattrick, who unveiled the Xbox One in May, is leaving Microsoft to head Zynga, the struggling online social gaming company best known for FarmVille.
Title: Scientists grow working ‘baby’ liver from stem cells
Description: Scientists have found a possible new way to grow a human liver from scratch, using stem cells that form a “bud”, then transplanting this growing baby liver into the body.
Title: More single dads than ever head US households
Description: Single dads are on the rise in the United States, heading a record 8 percent of American households with kids, according to a new analysis by the Pew Research Center. There were 2.
Title: Delay in health insurance law won’t affect many, experts say
Description: 
Title: Treated for cancer, two men now appear free of HIV
Description: Two men who had grueling bone marrow treatments for cancer are enjoying a happy side effect: They appear free of the AIDS virus, researchers reported on Wednesday.
Title: Employers get an extra year to provide health insurance
Description: The Obama administration has offered a one-year break to employers who were supposed to start offering health insurance to their workers next year.
Title: Doctors: Patents keep HIV drugs too pricey to use
Description: 
Title: Doctors: Patents keep HIV drugs too pricy to use
Description: 
Title: Opiate overdose deaths 'skyrocketed' in women, CDC finds
Description: More men still die after overdosing on prescription painkillers in the U.S. each year, but women are catching up fast, according to a grim new report from government health researchers.
Title: Girl who got new lungs set for more surgery
Description: A 10-year-old girl who got adult lungs after her parents sued to change national transplant rules is set for more surgery to repair her diaphragm.
Title: WHO wants HIV patients treated sooner to save lives, halt spread
Description: 
Title: States brace for web barrage when health exchanges go live
Description: 
Title: States brace for web barrage when health reform goes live
Description: 
Title: FDA detains pomegranate seeds from Turkey tied to hepatitis outbreak
Description: 
Title: Pomegranate seeds from Turkey detained for link to hepatitis A outbreak, FDA says
Description: 
Title: A face in the crowd: A year after most extensive face transplant in history
Description: For 15 years, Richard Lee Norris hid his gun-shot-shattered face from the public, wearing a mask when he left the house and shopping late at night to avoid the curious stares of children and adults.
Title: Military funding aids advances in face transplant surgery
Description: Without millions of dollars in funding from the U.S.
Title: Dying girl, 10, received two sets of lungs after national debate
Description: A 10-year-old Pennsylvania girl at the center of a national organ allocation debate nearly died after complications with a first set of donor lungs, her parents have revealed.
Title: Final rule issued on birth-control access for faith-based employers
Description: 
Title: Government sets final birth control rule for faith groups
Description: The Obama administration is making its final offer on a compromise for faith-based nonprofits that object to covering birth control in their employee health plans.
Title: White House sets final birth control rules for faith-affiliated companies
Description: The Obama administration on Friday issued its final rule requiring health insurance coverage of contraceptives for the employees of faith-affiliated universities, hospitals and other institutions.
Title: Britain plans world's first go-ahead for '3-parent' IVF babies
Description: Britain is planning to become the first country in the world to offer controversial "three-parent" fertility treatments to families who want to avoid passing on incurable diseases to their children.
Title: Tiny telescope implant helps restore age-related vision loss
Description: Jim Hindman, the co-founder of car maintenance service Jiffy Lube was 55 when his eyesight started to fail.
Title: Celebrities don't really die in 3's -- but here's why you think they do 
Description: First Ray Manzarek, then Jean Stapleton, then James Gandolfini, whose funeral was today.
Title: Meningitis warning given ahead of NYC's Gay Pride weekend 
Description: 
Title: Robotic surgery is high-tech 'tour de force' -- but is it safe? 
Description: The newlywed had been grappling with excruciatingly painful periods for as long as she could remember, when her doctor told her one way she could end the agony was a hysterectomy.
Title: Skype pranksters interrupt Zimmerman witness testimony
Description: 
Title: White House quells Westboro Baptist rage with dullest ... GIF ... ever
Description: Earlier this year, the White House declared its presence on Tumblr, promising United States citizens that "there will be GIFs" — the kind that come with a "Hard G.
Title: Snap 'n sniff? Madeleine camera captures scent, not light
Description: 
Title: Stun guns! Fireworks! Grenades! TSA shows off confiscated items on Instagram
Description: You know all of that stuff you're not supposed to carry on an airplane?
Title: Yes, already: Twovideo games about Edward Snowden and stealthy data
Description: 
Title: Pre-caffeine tech: Sexy tech blogging, Darth Vader running!
Description: Our pre-caffeine roundup is a collection of the hottest, strangest, and most amusing stories of the morning.Good news, ladies! Here's how to know when you're too sexy for tech blogging!
Title: 3-D gun printing: Here's the software that stops it
Description: New software has been developed that aims to restrict the manufacture of firearms that have been created using new 3-D technology.
Title: States to Google: Stop showing ads for illegal products
Description: 
Title: New Yorkers' new domain, '.nyc' gets initial OK
Description: New York City likes to think of itself as a domain like no other. Now it can boast as much on the Web.
Title: Ubisoft websitehack involves user email, passwords 
Description: 
Title: Canon's 70D finally brings decent autofocus to DSLR video
Description: The latest mid-range DSLR camera from Canon solves the years-old and industry-wide problem of providing fast and accurate autofocus while shooting video.
Title: Catastrophic power outages on the rise, but new tech helps keep lights on
Description: Last year, nearly a tenth of the world's population — 620 million people — lost power at once. The cause? Two simultaneous failures on India's enormous electric grid.
Title: The best Ouya games (so far)
Description: After a runaway success on Kickstarter and some dubious early coverage, the new Ouya video game console is finally here.
Title: #nofilter? #noway, says site that calls out Instagram fakers
Description: First people clicked the "like" buttons on posts for which they have no fond feelings, then they celebrated #followfriday on days other than Friday and now ...
Title: Apple makes first back-to-school offer for iPhones
Description: Apple's back-to-school offers this fall include a $50 App Store gift certificate for those who buy the iPhone, the first time the company has offered that on the phone.
Title: Yelp's Word Map means never having to dine with hipsters again
Description: Feel like going out to eat, but want to avoid overpriced craft beer and ironic Civil War-era facial hair at any cost?
Title: Pre-caffeine tech: Snowden games, Vine queen
Description: Our pre-caffeine roundup is a collection of the hottest, strangest, and most amusing stories of the morning.Good news, everybody!
Title: More pixels, less selection: Sony's first ultra HD player, service announced
Description: 
Title: Ouya review: A video game 'console' for the mobile age
Description: For all of their impressive qualities, the main factor that's begun to impinge on the success of modern video game consoles is their lack of mobility.
Title: New online child safety rules aim to protect kids on social media, smartphones
Description: New rules aimed at protecting children using the Internet took effect Monday.
Title: US to press China on cybertheft of trade secrets, intellectual property
Description: ASPEN, Colo. — U.S.
Title: Apple applies to register iWatch trademark
Description: 
Title: Israeli who murdered parents used tips he found online
Description: JERUSALEM — An Israeli who stabbed his mother and father to death was convicted of murder on Monday partly because he searched online for tips including "how to kill your parents and get away with it.
Title: Pre-caffeine tech: Google Reader RIP, Instagram attacks!
Description: Our pre-caffeine roundup is a collection of the hottest, strangest, and most amusing stories of the morning.Google reader dies today -- hope you backed up your stuff!
Title: Teenager invents flashlight powered by the warmth of your hand
Description: A 15-year-old girl has invented a flashlight that produces a usable amount of light just by using the heat from your hand.
Title: A Familiar Wild West, But The Guy In The Mask? Who's He?
Description: Johnny Depp and his 
Title: Video: Obamacare's employer mandated health insurance delayed
Description: Business owners were relieved to hear that they won't be penalized next year for not offering health insurance to workers. The law had called for businesses with at least 50 full time workers to provide health insurance this January or pay a fine. Now they have an additional year, reports Wyatt Andrews.
Title: Video: WH reaction muted to military takeover in Egypt
Description: The Obama administration has made it clear they will be taking no sides as events unfold in Egypt after military takeover there. One reason the White House has taken this approach with Egypt is that despite $1.5 billion dollars in aid, the U.S. has very little leverage there, reports Chip Reid.
Title: Colo. sheriffs challenge new gun control laws
Description: Opponents of tough, new gun laws say limiting ammunition magazines to 15 rounds won't make a difference
Title: Video: Egyptian military ousts president Morsi
Description: Mohammed Morsi, Egypt's first democratically-elected president, was ousted in a military takeover after days of protests in Cairo's Tahrir square.  Clarissa Ward reports from Cairo on the latest in Egypt.
Title: Driver rescued after car falls into Ohio sinkhole
Description: Toledo woman's Chevrolet Malibu ended up inside a sinkhole that measured 20 feet deep
Title: At least one dead when tree falls on camp dining hall
Description: Officials say four\ adult staff members at camp near Yosemite were taken to area hospitals; no children among the injured
Title: Video: Eight-year-old sworn in as governor for a day in Md.
Description: Genea Harrison, an 8-year-old fourth grader from Rosa L. Parks Elementary in Maryland got to take over the governor's job for a day after winning an essay contest. Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley created the contest to encourage young girls to pursue careers in public service.
Title: Video: Zimmerman trial: Witnesses detail Zimmerman's criminal justice background
Description: A former professor testified Wednesday that George Zimmerman learned about self-defense in a criminal litigation course. Also, a Prince William County, Va., police lieutenant said Zimmerman's application to the force was ultimately rejected due to bad credit.
Title: Video: Zimmerman trial: Former teacher on stand-your-ground lesson
Description: Alexis Carter, George Zimmerman's teacher at Seminole State College and U.S. army captain, testified that Zimmerman was one his smarter students.
Title: Video: Zimmerman trial: Skype testimony interrupted
Description: Professor Scott Pleasants was testifying live from Colorado via Skype about an online criminal justice class he'd taught George Zimmerman when the testimony was interrupted by an inundation of Skype calls.
Title: Strike grinds on in San Francisco Bay Area BART transit talks
Description: Union says progress made in late-night meeting that lasted until 3 a.m. with negotiations to continue Wednesday afternoon
Title: Video: Watch: Mo Rocca dances ahead of hosting festival
Description: Check out Mo Rocca's moves as he practices his routine for a dance festival on New York's Fire Island. Gayle King reports.
Title: Before arrest, Aaron Hernandez no stranger to violence
Description: Former NFL tight end arrested in shooting death of friend has had many encounters with police since he was a college freshman
Title: TSA trying out screening with dogs as reports record number of guns found in carry-ons
Description: Former FBI assistant director discusses how process will work and new info that a record number of guns have been found in carry-ons
Title: Calif. to move 2,600 inmates over illnesses caused by fungus
Description: State corrections officials ordered to move inmates out of two prisons where airborne fungus has led to widespread illnesses
Title: Egypt military: President Morsi ousted, constitution suspended
Description: Egypt's military chief says embattled president will be replaced by head of constitutional court; Morsi calls move a "full coup"
Title: State Dept. orders diplomats to leave Egypt
Description: Travel warning also issued for tourists as Egypt's military takeover destabilizes country
Title: Belgian king to abdicate in favor of crown prince
Description: Belgium's King Albert II announced that he will hand the throne to his son, Crown Prince Philippe, on the country's national holiday, July 21
Title: Video: Morsi Out, Cairo crowd celebrates
Description: Crowds opposed to Egypt's embattled president celebrated the news of his ouster with fireworks and lasers in Cairo's Tahrir Square.
Title: NSA spying: Ally anger justified?
Description: European leaders may be throwing stones from glass houses over U.S. spying on its allies, former deputy national security adviser says
Title: Video: U.S. "not taking sides" in Egypt unrest, official says
Description: The U.S. is "not taking sides" in the unrest roiling Egypt, State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Wednesday, explaining, "It's not...the proper role of the United States to determine the next steps."
Title: Video: U.S. calls for "peaceful, political solution" to Egypt unrest
Description: U.S. officials are "very concerned" about the unrest in Egypt, State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said on Wednesday, calling for a "peaceful, political solution" to the unrest and asking both sides to abstain from violence.
Title: Syria government calls for Egypt's Morsi to step down
Description: Assad regime, which is seeking to crush its own revolt, says Egyptian president should listen to the will of its people
Title: Video: Egyptians in streets as military deadline passes
Description: The streets of Cairo, Egypt, are tense as the public waits for the results of a showdown between the country's powerful military and its president, Mohammed Morsi. Clarissa Ward reports from Tahrir Square.
Title: Video: Morsi refuses to step down despite deadline
Description: The ultimatum issued by Egypt's powerful military for President Mohammed Morsi to accept the demands of the opposition expired, but the president remains defiant, saying he is willing to die for his cause. Clarissa Ward reports on the latest details from the streets of Cairo.
Title: Onassis yacht goes on sale for $32.4 million
Description: 325-foot ship's guest list included John F. Kennedy, Winston Churchill, Grace Kelly, Frank Sinatra and Marilyn Monroe
Title: Egypt military's deadline for President Morsi passes, troops move into heart of Cairo
Description: After military's deadline for Morsi passes, troops move to heart of Cairo in preparation for likely push to remove president
Title: Nelson Mandela's feuding family carries on with soap opera drama as he clings to life
Description: Court orders grandson to replace remains he moved as divided family jostles for bragging rights to Nelson Mandela's legacy, and all it is worth
Title: Indonesia earthquake kills at least 29
Description: Frantic effort to find survivors after magnitude-6.1 temblor crumbles homes, sparks landslides in western island of Sumatra
Title: Video: Morsi refuses to step down as deadline looms
Description: Violent street protests in Egypt have left at least 16 people dead. President Mohammed Morsi is facing a deadline from the military to resolve the crisis, but the leader is vowing to stay in office -- even if it costs him his life. Clarissa Ward reports.
Title: Facebook announces "graph search" feature
Description: Mark Zuckerberg introduced the new search that focuses on people, photos, places and interests among users of the social network
Title: The evolution of Apple products
Description: The company has moved technology forward since the launch of the Apple I in 1976
Title: Psy's "Gangnam Style" video sets Guinness World Record for most likes on YouTube
Description: South Korean pop sensation can add Guinness World Record to his list of accomplishments
Title: Edward Norton, Snoop Lion to play "Words with Friends" for charity
Description: Celebrities play the highly-addictive game "Words with Friends" in a tournament for charity
Title: Report: Apple, Google maps debacle sparked by voice navigation disagreement
Description: Turn-by-turn voice directions may be the reason Google Maps is not on the iPhone 5
Title: Amazon opposes Apple's false advertising claim in app store suit
Description: Internet retail giant argues that the moniker has become generic and claims there is no risk of customer confusion
Title: NPD study: More people watch Internet videos on TVs than computers
Description: Traditional media may want to take note that streaming video is on the rise, even on TV sets
Title: Manipulated photography before Photoshop
Description: Metropolitan Museum of Art will launch an exhibit on Oct. 11, 2012, that features manipulated photos before the digital age
Title: Metropolitan Museum of Art to show photo manipulation before Photoshop
Description: Amazing photographs feature darkroom tricks that were used before the digital age
Title: Barnes & Noble launches new Nook HD tablets
Description: A new line of tablets unveiled by major bookseller may compete with Amazon's Kindle Fire HD
Title: Apple, Google Maps contract had one year left, report claims
Description: Apple's controversial move to drop Google Maps has sparked a new crop of rumors over what is happening behind the curtains
Title: Wii U launch titles: Games you can buy for new Nintendo console on Nov. 18
Description: Device has a touch-screen controller called the Wii U GamePad, can also plays games made for the original Wii
Title: Barnes & Noble launches new Nook HD tablets
Description: A new line of tablets unveiled by major bookseller may compete with Amazon's Kindle Fire HD
Title: Calif. governor to sign bill to OK driverless cars
Description: Cars on auto-pilot may hit the road soon in the Golden State, so what does it mean for concerned drivers?
Title: Lytro Light Field camera coming to major retailers
Description: Camera that takes "living photos" will soon be available at national chains and overseas
Title: Obama to announce major Afghanistan troop drawdown
Description: After announcing a speedier transition in Afghanistan, the president to offer more specifics in the State of the Union address
Title: Obama: "No reason" we cannot avoid sequestration
Description: At a ceremony honoring Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, the president called on Congress to avert the spending cuts in the sequester
Title: Obama to honor slain Newtown teachers with Presidential Citizens Medal
Description: President will posthumously award the Presidential Citizens Medal to the six educators killed during the massacre at a Connecticut elementary school
Title: Bill Clinton warns victorious Dems, "Nothing is permanent"
Description: Former president rallies House Democrats to "have an affirmative agenda," cautions that a GOP resurgence may be more imminent than they would like
Title: Energy Secretary embraces Onion satire
Description: Secretary Steven Chu cannot "confirm or deny" The Onion's joke that he is romantically involved with a solar panel
Title: Obama pleads for unity at National Prayer Breakfast
Description: At annual prayer breakfast, president calls on leaders to seek common cause, remain humble in the face of opposition
Title: Rubio to deliver State of the Union response
Description: Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., a tea party favorite, selected to deliver high-profile Republican response to president's address
Title: Two House Dems on recreational marijuana: Legalize it
Description: Democratic congressmen unveil legislation legalizing, taxing sale of marijuana for recreational use; individual states could still prohibit
Title: Harkin, Iowa State University caught in feud
Description: Amid concerns about academic freedom, questions about fundraising, Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin declines to release papers to namesake institute at Iowa State
Title: Could GOP filibuster Hagel nomination?
Description: Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell raised the possibility, but a CBS News analysis shows Hagel may have enough support to avoid one
Title: Menendez blasts "absolutely false" prostitution "smears"
Description: Embattled Democratic senator today blamed "right wing blogs" for "totally unsubstantiated" prostitution allegations
Title: Tagg Romney won't seek Kerry's Senate seat
Description: GOP scrambling to find a candidate for June special election
Title: Biden hails France's "decisive action" in Mali
Description: The vice president thanked France for its military intervention in the terrorist-striken African nation
Title: McCain calls Iran's president a monkey, tells people to "lighten up"
Description: GOP Rep. Justin Amash derides the senator's "racist" joke
Title: Kerry: "I have big heels to fill" as secretary of state
Description: In his first day on the job, John Kerry pledges focus on safety and security; says he won't let politics "obscure" the legacy of those killed in Benghazi
Title: Westboro Baptist Church won't be labeled a hate group, White House says
Description: White House says Obama believes group picketing soldiers' funerals reprehensible but gov't doesn't keep a list of hate groups
Title: NSA spying: Ally anger justified?
Description: European leaders may be throwing stones from glass houses over U.S. spying on its allies, former deputy national security adviser says
Title: Video: U.S. "not taking sides" in Egypt unrest, official says
Description: The U.S. is "not taking sides" in the unrest roiling Egypt, State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Wednesday, explaining, "It's not...the proper role of the United States to determine the next steps."
Title: Video: U.S. calls for "peaceful, political solution" to Egypt unrest
Description: U.S. officials are "very concerned" about the unrest in Egypt, State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said on Wednesday, calling for a "peaceful, political solution" to the unrest and asking both sides to abstain from violence.
Title: Video: Lew: Immigration reform "will boost economic growth"
Description: At a naturalization ceremony for new U.S. citizens on Wednesday, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew praised the bipartisan immigration bill before Congress, saying it would grow the economy and reduce the deficit.
Title: Christie threatened to drop "f-bomb" at 2012 GOP convention
Description: A new book reveals fresh details about the 2012 election, including Romney's reluctance to run and Rick Perry's "brain fart"
Title: The Africa continuum
Description: Fifteen years ago, terror struck, and America and this continent became entwined; they will remain forever so
Title: Bloomberg to host fundraiser for gun bill backer, Joe Manchin
Description: Democratic Sen. Manchin, who's pro-gun but supports background checks, has taken heat from the NRA
Title: Report: Rubio to introduce 20-week abortion ban in the Senate
Description: The potential 2016 presidential candidate could try to solidify his support among conservatives with the abortion measure
Title: Obamacare provision delayed: What does postponement mean for health care politics?
Description: A closer look at how backlash affects implementation of controversial provision, what postponement means for Obama administration
Title: Immigration bill's border focus leaves some liberals wary
Description: Some Democrats are rankled by the heavy border security in the Senate immigration bill, but their complaints may go unheeded
Title: Why U.S. presidents love Africa
Description: John Dickerson: It's one of the last places on Earth where it's safe to be bipartisan
Title: Obamacare's employer mandate delayed a year
Description: Late word from the White House on Tuesday said a central component of President Obama's health care overhaul will be delayed
Title: Intel chief apologizes for "erroneous" answer on NSA data
Description: Director of Nat'l Intelligence James Clapper said his response to Congress that the NSA didn't gather data wittingly was "clearly erroneous"
Title: Anthony Foxx sworn in as transportation secretary
Description: Former Charlotte Mayor Anthony Foxx was confirmed by the Senate last week; he replaces Ray LaHood
Title: Ubisoft e-mails and passwords exposed in hacking
Description: The video game developer, known for creating "Assassin's Creed," announces that its account database was breached
Title: Winklevoss trust will test Bitcoin security concerns
Description: Will an investment trust push Bitcoin into the mainstream -- or will security fears leave growth of the cryptocurrency stagnant?
Title: Honda's robot museum guide not yet a people person
Description: Honda Motor Co.'s walking, talking interactive robot is running into glitches in its new job as a museum guide in Tokyo
Title: Inventor of computer mouse dies at age of 88
Description: The inventor of the computer mouse and developer of early incarnations of email, word processing programs and the Internet, has died at the age of 88
Title: Massive rockfish caught in Alaska could be 200 years old
Description: The record-breaking catch could be more than 200 years old
Title: New York approved for top-level domain ".nyc"
Description: The Big Apple wins a bid to become the first major city to get its own unique top-level domain
Title: Apple hit by patent suit from Boston University
Description: The suit alleges that Apple has violated a patent held by one of the school's computer engineering professors
Title: UCSD team is developing telescopic contact lenses
Description: Funded by a grant from DARPA, a team of researchers recently completed the first clinical trial on a lens that magnifies vision by 2.8 times
Title: Interest in carshare apps surges after BART strike
Description: With 400,000 displaced commuters in the San Francisco Bay Area, ridesharing apps see a boost in users
Title: Video: Soccket: Powered by play
Description: As part of our series "Powering The Future," Jessica Hartogs meets the brains behind "Soccket," a kinetic energy-powered soccer ball even President Obama is talking about.
Title: Pluto's smallest moons finally have names
Description: More than two years after Pluto's fourth moon was discovered, it finally has an official name: Kerberos. The fifth moon, discovered last year, will be called Styx.
Title: Apple to build solar farm to power Reno data center
Description: Tech giant continues to advance its policy on renewable energy to power its data centers
Title: 3D-printed foot brings back duck's waddle
Description: With a little bit of silicone and a 3D printer, Buttercup the duck is now waddling around Feathered Angels Waterfowl Sanctuary
Title: Human head transplant is "bad science," says neuroscientist
Description: An Italian neuroscientist thinks he can successfully perform a head transplant, but doubts surface about the research
Title: Three satellites destroyed in Russian rocket crash
Description: Three navigation satellites were reduced to smoldering embers early Tuesday morning after a failed Russian rocket launch
Title: Whole milk may be better for kids than skim milk
Description: Researchers say whole milk may make kids feel fuller, making them less likely to snack on unhealthier foods and gain weight
Title: Two men "cured" of HIV no longer taking treatments
Description: Two Boston patients who received stem cell transplants to treat their cancers no longer have AIDS virus in their system
Title: How young is too young for children to learn to swim?
Description: Viral video of a 16-month-old baby swimming by herself has reignited the debate on when young children should learn to swim
Title: Video: What's the right age to start swimming?
Description: CBS News medical correspondent Dr. Jon LaPook discusses how young is too young for children to start swimming and how to recognize if someone is in danger of drowning.
Title: Environmental group: Cancer-causing agent found in Pepsi products
Description: Chemical that gives Pepsi its caramel color, 4-methylimidazole, is a probable carcinogen
Title: Calif. to move 2,600 inmates over illnesses caused by fungus
Description: State corrections officials ordered to move inmates out of two prisons where airborne fungus has led to widespread illnesses
Title: Obamacare's employer mandate delayed a year
Description: Late word from the White House on Tuesday said a central component of President Obama's health care overhaul will be delayed
Title: Keep your pets cool during the summer weather
Description: It's hot for humans, so be cautious and care for your pets during the heatwave
Title: Long John Silver's Big Catch named "Worst Meal in America"
Description: With 1,320 calories, 19 g of saturated fat, 3,700 mg sodium and 33 grams trans fat, CSPI called the dish "a heart attack on a hook"
Title: Video: Rate of prescription drug ODs soars for women
Description: The Centers for Disease Control says nearly 48,000 women have died from prescription drug overdoses during the last decade.  Vinita Nair reports from New York.
Title: Pot smokers may be less motivated due to lack of brain chemical
Description: Chronic marijuana users produce less dopamine, a chemical in the brain that affects motivation and reward-seeking behavior
Title: CDC: Women's painkiller overdose deaths up 400 percent over last decade
Description: Women 45 to 54 are most likely to die from opioid, narcotic overdose; Increasing rate of prescriptions may be fueling problem
Title: Irish lawmakers back law allowing abortions in life-threatening cases
Description: Ireland currently bans all abortions, but 1992 Supreme Court ruling states it should be allowed to protect life of woman
Title: Girl, 6, becomes ninth person to die from bird flu in Cambodia
Description: 13 cases of H5N1 bird flu have been found in Cambodia this year with 20 cases this year worldwide; 15 fatalities
Title: New guidelines suggest ear tubes aren't necessary in all cases
Description: Fluid in ear normally resolves itself without additional intervention within a few months, negating the need for surgery
Title: "Saved By The Bell," "Knight Rider" among shows returning as comic books
Description: Zack Morris, KITT, Punky Brewster and several other iconic TV characters are getting the comic book treatment in a series of upcoming graphic novels
Title: Belgian king to abdicate in favor of crown prince
Description: Belgium's King Albert II announced that he will hand the throne to his son, Crown Prince Philippe, on the country's national holiday, July 21
Title: Robert Pattinson not dating Riley Keough, her rep confirms
Description: A rep for the "Magic Mike" actress and granddaughter of Elvis Presley says she's not the woman photographed in Pattinson's car
Title: "Big Brother": CBS does not "condone" bigoted remarks
Description: CBS has released a statement saying the network does not "condone" the "offensive" remarks made by several cast members from season 15
Title: Judge says Abercrombie shirt not a "Situation" violation
Description: Federal judge says Abercrombie & Fitch Co. didn't violate trademark rules by producing shirt playing on the nickname of Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino
Title: Jay-Z's "Magna Carta Holy Grail" album artwork debuts next to real Magna Carta
Description: The cover art for "Magna Carta Holy Grail" was unveiled at Salisbury Cathedral, home of one of four remaining copies of the Magna Carta
Title: Venice Film Festival to open with "Gravity"
Description: The new Sandra Bullock and George Clooney film will debut at the 70th annual Italian festival in August
Title: Steve Martin loses wallet on street, stranger returns it
Description: The actor said, "The gentleman couldn't have been sweeter, nicer, kinder"
Title: "Despicable Me 2": Critics say sequel isn't so despicable
Description: Steve Carell's animated sequel has been met with a warm response from critics even if they don't think it's as fun or daring as the first film
Title: Jesse Harris: "Borne Away" is "unlike any other record I've done before"
Description: Singer-songwriter tells CBSNews.com about why "Borne Away" is unlike any album he's made before
Title: Video: In Tune with Jesse Harris
Description: One year after the release of "Sub Rosa," Jesse Harris is out with "Borne Away." CBSNews.com got "In Tune" with the Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter and found how how it's unlike any record he's made before.
Title: Prince Charles visits "Doctor Who" set
Description: The prince met the current Doctor, Matt Smith, and yelled the Daleks' catchphrase "Exterminate!" while at the BBC studio in Wales
Title: "White House Down" free for active military, veterans on July 4
Description: Sony Pictures and some of the nation's biggest theater chains will allow members of the military and their guests to see "White House Down" for free
Title: Hallmark Channel cancels Marie Osmond's talk show
Description: In a statement Tuesday, the TV channel said it won't renew "Marie" for a second season, but the show may continue on elsewhere
Title: Alec Baldwin says he's quitting Twitter
Description: The actor took down his account after an expletive-filled rant last week and now says he'll "never" use the social media site again
Title: Chrysler recalling almost half a million vehicles
Description: Faulty microcontrollers in active head restraints could result in neck injuries in rear-end collisions if not repaired
Title: In urban revival beer creates small business hubs
Description: Craft breweries have transformed derelict city neighborhoods, but some may fall victim to their own success
Title: Del. court weighs Countrywide shareholder suit
Description: Judges to decide if former stockholders can sue leaders of the defunct mortgage lender
Title: NY AG's office investigates use of payroll cards
Description: More than 20 companies, Wal-Mart, Wendy's and Costco among them, pay workers with ATM-type cards, but they come with fees
Title: U.S. 30-year mortgage rate falls to 4.29 percent
Description: The drop in interest rates after last week's surge could spur homebuyers to move before rates head still higher
Title: What Fed's monetary tapering means for bonds
Description: The central bank's move to scale back quantitative easing is unlikely to slam bond returns, as forecasters have warned
Title: U.S. service-sector growth slows, but hiring is up
Description: Institute for Supply Management said its index fell from 53.7 in May to 52.2 in June, but employment rose 4.6 points to 50.1
Title: Video: Former Tiffany executive arrested in jewelry heist
Description: Investors are concerned about the crisis in Egypt and signs of slower economic growth. Also, U.S. businesses hired more employees in June than May, with the most growth in the construction industry. Plus, former Tiffany executive is arrested. Erica Ferrari reports.
Title: Trade gap widened in May as exports weakened
Description: Largest trade gap since November; fewer exports mean U.S. growth in the April-June quarter could be weaker than previously forecast
Title: Interest in carshare apps surges after BART strike
Description: With 400,000 displaced commuters in the San Francisco Bay Area, ridesharing apps see a boost in users
Title: France calls for 2-week delay in U.S.-E.U. trade talks
Description: Government seeks delay amid anger over alleged U.S. eavesdropping on European allies
Title: Weekly jobless claims fall to 343K
Description: Since March, weekly applications for unemployment benefits have fluctuated roughly between 340,000 and 360,000, a level consistent with steady hiring
Title: ADP survey: Businesses add 188K jobs in June
Description: Construction firms added 21,000 jobs, further evidence that the housing recovery is contributing to growth
Title: Retirement income scorecard: Interest and dividends
Description: The amount of income you can expect to generate from your retirement savings may vary a lot depending on a range of factors
Title: Avon selling jewelry unit back to former owners
Description: Avon is selling Silpada for $85 million, well below what it paid for the company three years ago
Title: Earth to party leaders: We have news you can use
Description: Senate action on immigration reform raises hopes that the House will follow suit, but demographics tell a different story
Title: A "do-nothing" Congress disconnected from rest of us
Description: Bob Schieffer says House Members can't get anything done, even when they want to
Title: Deep vein thrombosis: Don't ignore symptoms of silent killer
Description: Here's a compelling story about another type of "silent killer" -- if you have these symptoms, act immediately to save your life
Title: Bob Schieffer: Edward Snowden is no hero
Description: Says people willing to take on the government should be prepared to face the consequences, like civil rights leaders of the past
Title: Nancy Giles offers some support for bras
Description: Musings on a lingerie manufacturer's new sizing system for brassieres
Title: Bob Schieffer on the Internet's uncharted waters
Description: Says the new world of instant access to the news - and to nuts - makes for rough sailing online
Title: "No problem": Yes, it's a BIG problem
Description: MTV's Bill Flanagan says those using the vernacular of Generation Y instead of a simple "You're welcome" get no thanks from him
Title: Bob Schieffer on "dumb and dumber" in Washington
Description: Says firing some low-level bureaucrats won't fix the problems facing D.C.'s fastest-growing club: officials who don't know about the unpleasant things going on
Title: Faith Salie on becoming a new mom at middle-age
Description: Says being an "old mom" of a young baby makes every moment with her child even more precious
Title: Video: Opinion: Protecting the U.S. from missile threats
Description: Contributor Ben Stein believes that former President Reagan had the right idea for potential nuclear threats from countries such as North Korea and Iran.
Title: Video: A connection between baseball and God?
Description: If religion is all-encompassing, then can baseball provide a path to spirituality, a road to God? Writer Tom Oliphant believes so.
Title: Video: Commentary: Income immobility in America
Description: New Republic senior editor Timothy Noah believes that income inequality is getting worse in the United States, making it more difficult for Americans to fulfill the American Dream.
Title: Ben Stein: Our government has gone off the rails
Description: Says our nation has been attacked by partisanship, ideological rigidity, and lack of courage over sequester
Title: Video: Watching the red carpet
Description: Contributor Nancy Giles believes that the red carpet is the best part of the Oscars, and suggests the origin of our fascination.
Title: Video: Imaginary girlfriends and plausible acceptability
Description: College football star Manti Te'o became a laughing stock when it came out that the girlfriend he had told everyone about was fake. However, commentator Luke Burbank believes there are advantages to a relationship with someone who doesn't exist.
Title: Chinese Nobel author trades pen for brush
Description: TAIPEI (Reuters) - A dark figure stands alone in the centre of a bleak, shadowy landscape in one painting, while an ethereal tree-like form claims attention in another.
Title: Yoko Ono publishes new conceptual art book, 'Acorn'
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Nearly 50 years after writing the conceptual art book "Grapefruit," writer, artist and peace activist Yoko Ono has released a sequel that she hopes will inspire people and get them thinking and reading.
Title: Merkel tells Putin Germany wants looted art returned
Description: ST PETERSBURG, Russia (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel told President Vladimir Putin on Friday that German art seized by the Soviets in the wake of World War Two should be repatriated to Germany, a claim the Russian leader swiftly rejected.
Title: Investigators probe Cirque du Soleil death in Las Vegas
Description: LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - Federal occupational safety officials are investigating the death of a performer during Cirque du Soleil's "KA" show at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, Cirque officials said on Monday.
Title: Pride and Prejudice's foray onto outdoor stage 'intelligent'
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - The adaptation of Jane Austen's "Pride and Prejudice" for London's outdoor stage was "intelligent" and "pleasing" and saw the emergence of a new talent in the role of Elizabeth Bennett, local reviews said.
Title: Champagne and celebrities hit Masterpiece London luxury fair
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Millionaires and celebrities crammed into the launch of London luxury fair Masterpiece, an annual shopping extravaganza for the rarest art, jewellery and antiques.
Title: Book Talk: The dark doubts in the heart of a Mormon missionary
Description: TOKYO (Reuters) - They're a familiar sight around the world, whether in northern Japan or southern Argentina: a pair of men in dark suits, with nameplates, often riding bicycles as they go about their job preaching the Mormon religion.
Title: FCC approves Sprint/Clearwire/SoftBank deal: sources
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. regulators on Wednesday collected the final vote to approve the merger of Sprint Nextel Corp and SoftBank Corp , sources familiar with the situation said, clearing the last hurdle in the Japanese company's drawn-out battle to take control of the No. 3 U.S. wireless provider.
Title: Zynga's new CEO to get pay package worth some $50 million
Description: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Don Mattrick, the head of Microsoft Corp's Xbox business who will replace Zynga Inc founder Mark Pincus as chief executive next week, will get a hefty, largely stock-based compensation package of about $50 million in coming years, the company said in a regulatory filing on Wednesday.
Title: IRS proposes tax relief for some money fund investors
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Internal Revenue Service on Wednesday proposed new guidance to address some of the tax concerns the money market fund industry has raised about potential industry reforms.
Title: Exclusive: Francisco Partners plans GXS IPO after exploring sale
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Buyout firm Francisco Partners LP said on Wednesday that GXS Worldwide Inc, the provider of electronic commerce services it has majority control of, was planning an initial public offering after it explored an outright sale of the company.
Title: Investors press Dell on 'Plan B' as buyout bid totters
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Some Dell Inc shareholders said on Wednesday they are pressuring the board to come up with a contingency plan should a proposed $24.4 billion buyout of the No. 3 PC maker fail in the face of investor opposition.
Title: Chrysler recalls 840,000 vehicles, mostly in U.S.
Description: DETROIT (Reuters) - Chrysler Group LLC said on Wednesday it will recall 840,000 vehicles in the United States and other countries, mostly for active-restraint head rests that are possibly flawed.
Title: Quest for Wasendorf's embezzled funds yields little
Description: CHICAGO/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Russell Wasendorf Sr., who is serving a 50-year prison sentence for embezzling $215 million from clients of his failed futures brokerage, appears to have told the truth about one thing: he spent nearly all the money.
Title: Fed grants Goldman more time to hive off swaps trading
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Reserve granted Goldman Sachs two more years to push risky swaps trading into a separate unit, in line with similar delays for other big Wall Street banks.
Title: Lingering tensions prompt Toyota to mull shifting focus in China
Description: BEIJING (Reuters) - Toyota and its dealers are quietly maneuvering to allay risks from periodic eruptions of anti-Japan sentiment in China, even as recent sales data suggest a slow but steady recovery for Japanese automakers since the latest flare-up last year.
Title: Knight Capital CEO Joyce quits newly merged trading firm
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tom Joyce, the former chief executive officer of Knight Capital who helped the trading firm avoid bankruptcy, has resigned from the company just days after its takeover by rival Getco was finalized, the newly combined trading firm said in a statement.
Title: N.Y. attorney general probes payroll cards over fees
Description: New York (Reuters) - New York is investigating some of the country's largest companies over their use of cards to pay hourly employees, a person familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
Title: Investment industry groups scuffle over ethics, costs
Description: (Reuters) - Wall Street's brokerages would spend an average of $8 million each to implement a plan being considered by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to impose higher ethical standards on brokers who give financial advice, according to estimates by the securities industry's largest trade group.
Title: Exclusive: States join U.S. probe of Cargill/ConAgra flour deal
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A group of wheat-growing states has joined the U.S. Justice Department in investigating a proposed joint venture by Cargill, CHS and ConAgra, which would make the largest U.S. flour miller even larger, two sources told Reuters.
Title: Bernanke to make July 10 speech on Fed's policy record
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve said on Wednesday that Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke would make a speech in Cambridge, Massachusetts, next week on the central bank's 100-year history, its policy record, lessoned learned and prospects for the future.
Title: Unions hope to revive talks, end strike at Daimler plant
Description: (Reuters) - Unions representing more than 700 workers at a Daimler AG truck factory in Portland, Oregon, hope to revive contract talks with the German company and avoid a lengthy strike, a union official said on Wednesday.
Title: U.S. judges okay JPMorgan $546 million settlement with MF Global trustee, customers
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Customers of MF Global's failed broker-dealer unit and the trustee overseeing its liquidation won court approval on Wednesday for a $546 million settlement with JPMorgan Chase & Co .
Title: JPMorgan, Bank of NY Mellon win dismissal of forex lawsuits
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase & Co and officials at Bank of New York Mellon Corp on Wednesday won the dismissal of lawsuits accusing them of overcharging clients for trading currencies.
Title: Jobs data upbeat, but trade and services dim outlook
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Private employers stepped up hiring in June and new applications for unemployment benefits fell for a second straight week last week, pointing to a steadily improving labor market picture.
Title: Wall St. posts modest gains in short volatile session
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks ended slightly higher in a volatile half-day session on Wednesday as traders squared positions before the holiday and Friday's job market data.
Title: Airbus A380 marks start to fleet modernization for British Airways
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - British Airways receives its first Airbus A380 jet at Heathrow airport on Thursday, marking the start of modernizing its aging fleet with new, more fuel-efficient planes able to better compete with fast-growing rivals.
Title: Chrysler recalls more than 500,000 vehicles, most for head rests
Description: DETROIT (Reuters) - Chrysler Group LLC said on Wednesday it will recall more than 500,000 vehicles, most of them for possibly malfunctioning active restraint head rests.
Title: LightSquared splits $3 billion exit financing
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wireless broadband communications company LightSquared Inc is splitting its proposed $3 billion senior secured exit term loan into a $2 billion first-lien loan and $1 billion second-lien tranche, sources told Thomson Reuters LPC. The loan originally consisted of a single tranche.
Title: SEC ends probe of key witness against Goldman's Tourre
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - The SEC has ended a probe of a central witness it intends to call at this month's fraud trial against former Goldman Sachs Group Inc vice president Fabrice Tourre for his role in a notorious 2007 debt instrument that hedge fund billionaire John Paulson successfully shorted.
Title: Merkel hosts jobs summit, faces criticism
Description: BERLIN (Reuters) - European leaders promised on Wednesday to step up the fight against soaring youth unemployment, but offered no new solutions or money at a meeting critics derided as a "show summit" to soften Angela Merkel's image ahead of a German election.
Title: Lies, spin and loyalty: Hannam case tells of a banker's code
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - The London-based banker fined last year for being careless in an email with sensitive information believes the takeover talks he revealed to a Kurdish minister in 2008 might have been fictitious, and that he might have made them up himself.
Title: PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - July 4
Description: July 4 (Reuters) - The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Title: Nikkei set to edge up on upbeat US data; Portugal turmoil may cap gains
Description: TOKYO, July 4 (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average is expected to edge up and hold near the 14,000-mark on Thursday on fresh signs that the U.S. economic recovery is gathering pace, but buyers are likely to remain cautious on worries over political turmoil in Egypt and Portugal. Market players said the Nikkei was likely to trade between 13,900 to 14,200 on Thursday after shedding 0.3 percent to 14,055.56 on Wednesday. Nikkei futures in Chicago closed at 14,040, up 0.1 percent from t
Title: U.S. FDA to propose allowing generic drugmakers to update drug labels
Description: July 3 (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration plans to issue a proposed rule that would allow generic drug companies to update prescribing information for their products to reflect new safety information.
Title: UPDATE 2-U.S. FCC approves Sprint/Clearwire/SoftBank deal -sources
Description: WASHINGTON, July 3 (Reuters) - U.S. regulators on Wednesday collected the final vote to approve the merger of Sprint Nextel Corp and SoftBank Corp, sources familiar with the situation said, clearing the last hurdle in the Japanese company's drawn-out battle to take control of the No. 3 U.S. wireless provider.
Title: TABLE-Foreign brokers set to buy Japanese stocks
Description: TOKYO, July 4 (Reuters) - Following are orders for Japanese stocks placed through six foreign securities houses before the start of trade on Thursday. Japanese Stocks: BUY 22.1 million shares SELL 12.4 million shares ------------------------------------------------------ BUY 9.7 million shares
Title: UPDATE 2-SEC alleges insider trading in Onyx ahead of Amgen offer
Description: July 3 (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has filed a lawsuit accusing unnamed defendants of insider trading in Onyx Pharmaceuticals Inc call options before the drugmaker publicly rejected a takeover bid by larger rival Amgen Inc and put itself up for sale.
Title: UPDATE 1-Vale obtains license to expand giant Amazon iron ore mine
Description: RIO DE JANEIRO, July 3 (Reuters) - Vale SA, the world's largest iron ore miner, received a license from Brazil's Environmental Protection Agency to build a $19.5 billion expansion to its giant Carajas iron ore mining project, CEO Murilo Ferreira said on Wednesday.
Title: UPDATE 1-June Canada auto sales up 1 pct to 171,608 -Desrosiers
Description: July 3 (Reuters) - Canadian auto sales in June rose 1.3 percent to 171,608 vehicles, industry consultant Desrosiers said on Wednesday.
Title: UPDATE 1-Zynga's new CEO to get pay package worth some $50 million
Description: SAN FRANCISCO, July 3 (Reuters) - Don Mattrick, the head of Microsoft Corp's Xbox business who will replace Zynga Inc founder Mark Pincus as chief executive next week, will get a hefty, largely stock-based compensation package of about $50 million in coming years, the company said in a regulatory filing on Wednesday.
Title: CORRECTED-Obamacare implementation delay no boon for hiring
Description: (Corrects third-last paragraph to say Darden "hired more part-time workers" instead "making some workers part-time")
Title: Zynga's new CEO to get pay package worth about $50 million
Description: SAN FRANCISCO, July 3 (Reuters) - Don Mattrick, the head of Microsoft Corp's Xbox business who will replace Zynga Inc's founder Mark Pincus as chief executive next week, will get a hefty, largely stock-based compensation package of about $50 million in coming years, the company said in a regulatory filing on Wednesday.
Title: EMERGING MARKETS-Latam stocks fall as OGX continues to hurt Brazil index
Description: * OGX shares down over 50 pct this week as firm exits oilfields * Petrobras shares rally following Tuesday rout * Brazil Bovespa down 0.41 pct, Mexico IPC flat By Asher Levine and Danielle Assalve SAO PAULO, July 3 (Reuters) - Latin American stocks were broadly lower on Wednesday, with Brazil's Bovespa depressed by another down day for oil producer OGX, whose shares have fallen more than 50 percent this week. Mexico's IPC index was flat while Chile's bourse lost 0.75 percen
Title: TABLE-Mexico's Walmex says same-store sales rise in June
Description: MEXICO CITY, July 3 (Reuters) - Mexico's biggest retailer, Wal-Mart de Mexico said sales at its Mexican stores open at least a year rose in June. Pct change vs JUNE MAY year ago Mexico 1.2 -2.4 same-store sales Mexico total 5.9 2.1 sales Central 2.7 2.0 America same-store sales
Title: UPDATE 1-Chrysler recalls 840,000 vehicles, mostly in U.S.
Description: * Chrysler says no accidents, injuries related to head rest issue
Title: RPT-UPDATE 2-Nestle, Danone to cut Chinese infant milk prices amid probe
Description: HONG KONG, July 3 (Reuters) - Swiss food company Nestle and French rival Danone are cutting the price of infant formula milk in China after Beijing launched an investigation into possible price-fixing and anti-competitive behaviour in the sector.
Title: Quest for Wasendorf's embezzled funds yields little
Description: * Peregrine shortfall contrasts with outlook for MF Global
Title: U.S. House may vote soon on controversial auditor issue
Description: * Corporate America dislikes idea of forced auditor rotation
Title: New York power grid ready for heat wave, despite reactor shutdown
Description: July 3 (Reuters) - The New York power grid said on Wednesday it is prepared to keep consumers' air conditioners humming early next week when a heat wave bakes the Big Apple even though a giant nuclear power reactor at Indian Point was shut this week.
Title: Fed grants Goldman more time to hive off swaps trading
Description: WASHINGTON, July 3 (Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Reserve granted Goldman Sachs two more years to push risky swaps trading into a separate unit, in line with similar delays for other big Wall Street banks.
Title: UPDATE 1-Cerberus CEO drops stalking horse bid for Freedom Group -source
Description: NEW YORK, July 3 (Reuters) - Stephen Feinberg has scrapped a bid for the maker of the Bushmaster rifle, which his private equity firm, Cerberus Capital Management LP, put up for a sale after one of its guns was used in the Newtown, Connecticut school shooting in December, a person familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
Title: CANADA STOCKS-TSX slips as geopolitical, economic fears resurface
Description: * TSX down 32.70 points, or 0.27 percent, at 12,145.68 * Eight of 10 main index sectors decline * RBC drops, has biggest negative influence * Gold-mining shares rise with bullion By John Tilak TORONTO, July 3 (Reuters) - Canada's main stock index dropped in volatile trading on Wednesday as political turmoil in Portugal and Egypt coupled with sluggish data out of China to stoke investor worries about the global economic recovery. Higher bullion prices pushed up gold stock
Title: Yahoo acquires email management app Xobni
Description: SAN FRANCISCO, July 3 (Reuters) - Yahoo Inc acquired email and address book management app Xobni, the Internet company's third acquisition in as many days as it seeks to revamp its online products and boost its Web traffic.
Title: UPDATE 1-Columbia Gas shuts in area of Pennsylvania natgas line after leak
Description: NEW YORK, July 3 (Reuters) - NiSource Inc unit Columbia Gas Transmission LLC on Wednesday said it discovered a leak on its natural gas pipeline segment 1711 near Homer City, Pennsylvania.
Title: Brazil oil output falls for 14th month in May
Description: RIO DE JANEIRO, July 3 (Reuters) - Brazil's oil and natural gas output fell in May for a 14th straight month compared with a year earlier as platform repairs at state-run oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA, or Petrobras, cut production, oil regulator ANP said on Wednesday.
Title: China hands Asian memory makers massive bargaining chip
Description: * China diversifies chipmakers' client base from Apple, Samsung
Title: Rapper Wale knocks Kanye West from atop Billboard album chart
Description: LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - American rapper Wale grabbed the top spot on Wednesday on the U.S. Billboard 200 album chart for the first time with his record "The Gifted," while fellow rapper Kanye West's "Yeezus," last week's No. 1, fell to third place.
Title: Feline frenzy meets Fellini on Gaultier's Paris catwalk
Description: PARIS (Reuters) - Jean Paul Gaultier sent glittering panthers and clowns down the runway on Wednesday as the French designer tapped into feline glamour and Fellini-esque nostalgia for his Autumn/Winter 2013-2014 haute couture collection.
Title: Disney's 'Lone Ranger' starts box office ride with $2 million Tuesday
Description: LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Walt Disney Co's big-budget Western reboot "The Lone Ranger" rode off with $2 million in U.S. and Canadian ticket sales during its first shows on Tuesday night, trotting behind animated "Despicable Me 2" with $4.7 million, according to studio estimates.
Title: Depardieu accused of breaking Georgian law with Abkhazia trip
Description: TBILISI (Reuters) - French-born actor Gerard Depardieu broke the law in Georgia by visiting the country's breakaway Abkhazia region and meeting separatist leaders without warning national authorities, an official said on Wednesday.
Title: 'Lady and Tramp' animator John Wilson dies at 93
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - British-born animator and producer John David Wilson, famed for the "Grease" and "Lady and the Tramp" films, has died at the age of 93, his wife told Reuters on Wednesday.
Title: A Minute With: Steve Carell on being a 'Despicable' dad
Description: LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Steve Carell has inhabited many different roles, from a 40-year-old virgin, a bumbling office manager and a Vegas magician, but it is an evil villain in animated film "Despicable Me 2" where he finds a close connection as a real-life dad.
Title: Gru's band of Minions take spotlight in 'Despicable Me 2'
Description: LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Lovable villain Gru is back as a doting father in "Despicable Me 2," but while he swaps his villainous world domination schemes for princess parties, his yellow, spiky-haired Minions rustle up trouble in the film.
Title: Can 'The Bible' be a ratings olive branch for NBC?
Description: LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - NBC is praying that its pick up of popular cable miniseries "The Bible" will improve its ratings, a move that analysts have pegged as a low-risk gamble for the struggling U.S. television network.
Title: Actor Pierce Brosnan's daughter dies of ovarian cancer
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Irish actor Pierce Brosnan said on Tuesday that his 41-year-old daughter Charlotte had died after a three year battle with ovarian cancer, the same disease that killed his first wife more than 20 years ago.
Title: Johnny Depp puts Tonto at center stage in new 'Lone Ranger' film
Description: LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - When the western television series "The Lone Ranger" first rode into U.S. homes in 1949, the masked man was the dashing, charming hero and the Native American Tonto his loyal sidekick.
Title: Kris Kross rapper Kelly died from drug overdose, authorities say
Description: ATLANTA (Reuters) - Chris "Mac Daddy" Kelly of the 1990s teen rap duo Kris Kross died in May from a drug overdose according to toxicology reports, authorities said on Tuesday.
Title: Michael Palin joins WWI drama in first acting role in 15 years
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - British TV presenter Michael Palin is taking up his first acting role in more than 15 years, joining a drama about soldiers producing a newspaper from the battlefields of World War One.
Title: Investigators probe Cirque du Soleil death in Las Vegas
Description: LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - Federal occupational safety officials are investigating the death of a performer during Cirque du Soleil's "KA" show at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, Cirque officials said on Monday.
Title: 'The Bible' TV miniseries will get NBC sequel
Description: U.S. television network NBC said on Monday that it will produce a follow-up to the History Channel's popular miniseries "The Bible," which topped ratings when it premiered in March.
Title: PBS' Charlie Rose settles with unpaid interns as lawsuits spread
Description: (Reuters) - PBS talk show host Charlie Rose and his production company will pay roughly $110,000 to settle a lawsuit brought by former unpaid interns, under an agreement approved by a New York state judge.
Title: Jennifer Lopez unaware of rights issues before Turkmenistan visit -publicist
Description: LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Jennifer Lopez would not have performed a private concert in Turkmenistan at the weekend had she known about charges of human rights violations in the Central Asian nation, her publicist said on Monday.
Title: Pharrell Williams sues will.i.am over 'i am'
Description: (Reuters) - Music producer Pharrell Williams filed a lawsuit Monday asking a U.S. court to rule he has not violated any trademark that Black Eyed Peas rapper will.i.am owns for the phrase "I AM."
Title: Pharrell Williams sues will.i.am over 'i am'
Description: (Reuters) - Music producer Pharrell Williams filed a lawsuit Monday asking a U.S. court to rule he has not violated any trademark that Black Eyed Peas rapper will.i.am owns for the phrase "I AM."
Title: Johnny Depp puts Tonto at center stage in new 'Lone Ranger' film
Description: LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - When the western television series "The Lone Ranger" first rode into U.S. homes in the 1949, the masked man was the dashing, charming hero and the Native American Tonto his loyal sidekick.
Title: Singer Jessica Simpson gives birth to a boy
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Singer and fashion designer Jessica Simpson gave birth to her second child, a boy named Ace Knute, at a Los Angeles hospital on Sunday.
Title: Springsteen revisits Glory Days in London
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Bruce Springsteen treated his fans to a complete performance of "Born in the USA", the 1984 album which shot him to global superstardom, as the centerpiece of a three-hour show in London on Sunday night.
Title: Kendrick Lamar, Gabrielle Douglas among BET Award winners
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Teenage Olympian Gabrielle Douglas, rapper Kendrick Lamar, actor Jamie Foxx as well as singers Rihanna and Nicki Minaj were among the top winners at the annual BET Awards on Sunday.
Title: Cirque du Soleil performer dies during Las Vegas show
Description: LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - A performer died after an accident during a Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas, authorities and the company said on Sunday.
Title: Mumford & Sons bring Glastonbury jigging to an end
Description: PILTON, England (Reuters) - British folk band Mumford & Sons brought the annual Glastonbury festival jigging to a close on Sunday, capping three days of music, good-natured mayhem and minimal mud.
Title: Sony suffers second box office letdown as it eyes partial spinoff
Description: LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Sony, which is studying a partial spinoff of its studio at the urging of major shareholder Daniel Loeb, suffered its second box office misfire of the summer season when its action movie "White House Down" opened with ticket sales below industry forecasts.
Title: Storm forecasts cloud progress against deadly Arizona wildfire
Description: PRESCOTT, Arizona (Reuters) - Firefighters labored on Wednesday to extend their grip on a smoldering but still potentially lethal blaze in Arizona that killed 19 members of an elite "hotshots" crew in the deadliest U.S. wildfire tragedy in eight decades.
Title: U.S. drought expands for 3rd straight week-US drought monitor
Description: CHICAGO (Reuters) - Drought conditions expanded in the contiguous United States over the past week given persistent heat and dryness in the southern Plains, while the eastern half of the country is out of drought amid steady rains, according to a weekly drought report.
Title: EU carbon fix squeaks through in lucky break for Greens
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - There's a century-old phrase often attributed to Otto von Bismarck on laws and sausages - you never want to see them made.
Title: South Africa looks to sell some of $1 billion rhino horn stockpile
Description: PRETORIA (Reuters) - South Africa is seeking permission for a one-off sale of some of its $1 billion stockpile of rhino horn to finance conservation and potentially flood a thriving black market, its environment minister said on Wednesday.
Title: Kenya seizes 1.5 tonnes of ivory at port
Description: MOMBASA (Reuters) - Kenyan officials seized 775 pieces of elephant ivory weighing 1.3 tonnes (1 tonne = 1.102 tons) in the port city of Mombasa hidden under fish for export and destined for Malaysia from Uganda, they said on Wednesday.
Title: Obama wildlife trafficking plan may also boost security
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A White House plan to curb illegal trafficking in rhino horn, elephant tusks and body parts from other endangered wildlife could have the side benefit of helping to stabilize parts of Africa plagued by insurgent groups, military and political analysts say.
Title: Pepsi outside California still has chemical linked to cancer: report
Description: (Reuters) - Pepsi-Cola is still using caramel coloring containing a chemical linked to cancer in rodents, a report released on Wednesday showed, more than a year after the beverage maker promised to phase it out.
Title: World suffered unprecedented climate extremes in past decade: WMO
Description: (Reuters) - The world suffered unprecedented climate extremes in the decade to 2010, from heatwaves in Europe and droughts in Australia to floods in Pakistan, against a backdrop of global warming, a United Nations report said on Wednesday.
Title: Conservation, cooler temps help California power grid
Description: (Reuters) - A second day of conservation efforts and slightly lower temperatures helped the California power grid avoid potential problems on Tuesday as a widespread heat wave across the West begins to moderate.
Title: Obama wildlife trafficking plan may also boost security
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A White House plan to curb illegal trafficking in rhino horn, elephant tusks and body parts from other endangered wildlife could have the side benefit of helping to stabilize parts of Africa plagued by insurgent groups, military and political analysts say.
Title: Japan says Australia trying to impose its culture in whaling row
Description: THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Australia's opposition to Japanese whaling is an attempt to impose foreign moral standards on Japan and has no legal basis, Japan told the World Court on Tuesday in a case brought by Australia.
Title: GM, Honda to jointly develop hydrogen fuel-cell vehicles by 2020
Description: DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Co and Honda Motor Co will jointly develop hydrogen fuel-cell vehicles over the next seven years, the latest alliance in an industry-wide effort to cut the technology's costs and meet stricter global emissions rules.
Title: Apple plans Nevada solar farm in clean energy push for data centers
Description: (Reuters) - Apple Inc said it plans to build a new solar farm with NV Energy Inc for power supply to its new data center in Reno, Nevada, a major step towards its goal of having its data centers run on renewable energy.
Title: Blasting heat keeps hold on Western states
Description: (Reuters) - A heat wave scorching the Western United States fueled lightning-sparked fires in several states and pushed temperatures well above normal on Monday in typically cooler regions such as Seattle and parts of the Rocky Mountains.
Title: Third of conifers under threat of extinction, study says
Description: OSLO (Reuters) - A third of the world's conifers, the biggest and longest-lived organisms on the planet, are at risk of extinction, with logging and disease the main threats, scientists said on Tuesday.
Title: Ivory Coast forest clearances threaten cocoa exports, human rights
Description: BALEKO-NIEGRE, Ivory Coast (Reuters) - The Ivory Coast is clearing tens of thousands of cocoa farmers from protected forests, threatening exports from the world's top grower and leading to complaints about human rights abuses.
Title: Northern California urged to conserve power as heat wave peaks
Description: (Reuters) - California's power grid operator on Monday issued a rare plea for customers in the north of the state to conserve energy over the next couple days as a heat wave blanketing the region is expected to peak just as the work week begins.
Title: Longer-term El Nino warnings to help farmers adapt
Description: OSLO (Reuters) - Scientists have found a way to forecast El Nino weather events in the Pacific a year in advance, long enough to let farmers plant crops less vulnerable to global shifts in rainfall, a study showed on Monday.
Title: Blasting heat forecast for U.S. Western states
Description: (Reuters) - Residents of western U.S. states awoke on Monday to more scorching heat that was expected to break record highs and grip the region through the early part of the holiday week, meteorologists said.
Title: U.S. is not waging 'war on coal': Energy Secretary Moniz
Description: VIENNA (Reuters) - The U.S. government is not waging a "war on coal" but rather expects it to still play a significant role, U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz said on Sunday, rejecting criticism of President Barack Obama's climate change plan.
Title: Western United States swelters amid deadly heat
Description: PHOENIX (Reuters) - A dangerous, record-breaking heat wave in the western United States contributed to the death of a Nevada resident and sent scores of people to hospitals with heat-related illnesses.
Title: 'Blast furnace' heat engulfs U.S. West into weekend
Description: PHOENIX (Reuters) - An "atmospheric blast furnace" engulfed the sunbaked U.S. West in dangerous triple-digit temperatures on Friday, forecasters said, raising concerns for homeless people and others unable to escape near record temperatures expected over the weekend.
Title: U.S. approves a horse slaughterhouse, sees two more plants
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A New Mexico meat plant received federal approval on Friday to slaughter horses for meat, a move that drew immediate opposition from animal rights group and will likely be opposed by the White House.
Title: 'Blast furnace' heat engulfs U.S. West into weekend
Description: PHOENIX (Reuters) - An "atmospheric blast furnace" engulfed the sunbaked U.S. West in dangerous triple-digit temperatures on Friday, forecasters said, raising concerns for homeless people and others unable to escape near record temperatures expected over the weekend.
Title: Obama's environmental nominee in jeopardy from Senate Republicans
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama made a plea this week for the U.S. Senate to confirm his choice to head the agency that will oversee the core of his new climate change plan, but nominee Gina McCarthy's prospects seem increasingly in doubt.
Title: Risk of birth defect doubles for cousin couples -study
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Children whose parents are cousins run more than double the risk of being born with a congenital abnormality, although the overall rate of such birth defects remains low, according to new research findings.
Title: California pot shop billed as world's largest may stay open for now -judge
Description: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A medical marijuana dispensary billed as the world's largest cannabis store may stay open while the city of Oakland fights a U.S. government effort to shut it down or seize the property, a federal judge ruled on Wednesday.
Title: Obamacare implementation delay no boon for hiring
Description: (Reuters) - The Obama administration's decision to delay a key provision of the healthcare law, by giving employers an extra year to offer insurance coverage, is not expected to significantly impact 2014 hiring since many big businees were prepared for the change.
Title: Analysis: Could the U.S. delay Obamacare's mandate for individuals, too?
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama can expect mounting pressure to make new concessions on healthcare reform, especially the requirement that all Americans obtain insurance, after delaying penalties for businesses for the first year of his plan.
Title: Older working women may be healthier as a result
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Postmenopausal women who work tend be in better health than their unemployed counterparts, according to a new study from South Korea.
Title: Keeping mentally busy tied to less memory loss
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - People who spend a lot of time reading, writing and otherwise seeking and processing new information lose their thinking and memory skills more slowly as they age, a new study suggests.
Title: Drink more water, lose more weight?
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Dieters who drink more water have greater weight loss, according to a new review of several prior studies.
Title: Antibiotics in infancy linked to eczema
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - In a new review of previous research, children who took antibiotics in their first year of life were about 40 percent more likely to develop eczema, an itchy skin disorder.
Title: Scientists create human liver from stem cells
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Scientists have for the first time created a functional human liver from stem cells derived from skin and blood and say their success points to a future where much-needed livers and other transplant organs could be made in a laboratory.
Title: FDA warns on Daiichi Sankyo blood pressure drugs
Description: (Reuters) - U.S. health regulators warned on Wednesday that Daiichi Sankyo Inc's blood pressure drugs Benicar, Benicar HCT, Azor and Tribenzor can cause severe, chronic diarrhea and substantial weight loss, sometimes requiring hospitalization.
Title: Stem-cell therapy wipes out HIV in two patients
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Two men with HIV have been off AIDS drugs for several months after receiving stem-cell transplants for cancer that appear to have cleared the virus from their bodies, researchers reported on Wednesday.
Title: FDA grants priority review to Roche's leukemia drug
Description: ZURICH (Reuters) - Swiss drugmaker Roche Holding AG said on Wednesday U.S. health regulators have granted priority review to its experimental leukemia treatment GA101.
Title: Pennsylvania girl who got lung transplants recovering from more surgery
Description: (Reuters) - A 10-year-old Pennsylvania girl with cystic fibrosis who sparked a national debate about child access to organ donations that led to two lung transplant operations was in recovery on Tuesday after surgery to repair her diaphragm, her family said.
Title: U.S. to delay key health-reform provision to 2015
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. administration on Tuesday said it will not require employers to provide health insurance for their workers until 2015, a move that delays a key provision of President Barack Obama's healthcare reform law by a year.
Title: Virus deadly to piglets spreads to North Carolina's hog farms
Description: CHICAGO (Reuters) - A swine virus deadly to piglets has been discovered on two hog farms in North Carolina, an official in the No. 2 hog-producing U.S. state said on Tuesday.
Title: Top Vivus holder proposes ex AstraZeneca exec as CEO
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Vivus Inc's largest shareholder on Tuesday took the unusual step of naming the man it would install as the drugmaker's chief executive should it prevail in its battle to gain control of the board of directors this month.
Title: Some forms of IVF linked to risk of autism, mental disability
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Couples who have certain types of fertility treatment have a higher chance of having a child with autism or learning difficulties - although the overall risk is still extremely small, scientists said on Tuesday.
Title: Home blood pressure monitoring may improve control
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - People with high blood pressure who used an at-home monitor and had regular phone calls with their pharmacist kept their numbers in check better than those receiving standard care, in a new study.
Title: Fiber-rich grains tied to lower diabetes risk
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - People who eat a diet high in fiber-rich whole grains are less likely to develop diabetes or heart disease, according to a review of past studies.
Title: Sales reps' presence tied to heart stent use: study
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Having sales representatives from medical device companies at hospitals may influence which products doctors use and ultimately drive up costs, according to a new study from Canada.
Title: Hot temps likely not tied to heart birth defects
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Warm weather is not linked to birth defects of the heart, though unseasonably hot winter days may be associated with the rarest heart defects and requires more study, according to a new study from Israel.
Title: Sanofi to cut 207 R&D jobs in latest French reshuffle
Description: PARIS/TOULOUSE (Reuters) - Sanofi plans to cut 207 jobs in France as part of the drug company's latest reshuffle of its research operations, which unions said would also lead to layoffs at vaccine and animal health divisions.
Title: Dialysis stocks hit by proposed U.S. reimbursement cuts
Description: (Reuters) - A proposal to slash reimbursements to kidney dialysis centers in the United States drove down shares of Fresenius Medical Care AG and Davita Healthcare Partners Inc, two of the world's leading providers of dialysis services.
Title: Michelle Obama, Laura Bush spotlight Africa women's health
Description: DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama and predecessor Laura Bush combined their star power to draw attention on Tuesday to efforts to improve women's health and welfare in east Africa.
Title: Roche buys U.S. blood-testing firm for initial $220 million
Description: ZURICH (Reuters) - - Swiss drugmaker Roche Holding AG is buying Constitution Medical Investors (CMI), the U.S. developer of a testing system for blood diseases like anemia and leukemia, for an upfront $220 million, plus further contingent payments.
Title: Risk of birth defect doubles for cousin couples -study
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Children whose parents are cousins run more than double the risk of being born with a congenital abnormality, although the overall rate of such birth defects remains low, according...
Title: Beware the Civil War relic: It could be stolen - or a fake
Description: GETTYSBURG, Pennsylvania (Reuters) - With 250,000 visitors expected to converge on the Gettysburg battlefields this week, historians and antiquarians say the 150th anniversary of the clash that...
Title: Households headed by single fathers at record level -US study
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Single fathers are running households in record numbers, while religion is seeming to lose its importance in American lives, according to recent surveys and polls conducted by...
Title: Statue of Liberty set to reopen after Superstorm Sandy
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Statue of Liberty will reopen to visitors with a July 4 ceremony on Thursday, more than eight months after its home island in New York Harbor was flooded and wrecked by...
Title: High-flying luxury: battle for Asia's jet-set is hotting up
Description: SINGAPORE (Reuters) - With limousine pick-ups and on-board chefs, Asia's premium airlines are investing hundreds of millions of dollars on luxury services in a bet on a rebound in business from the...
Title: For blind campers, a first chance to swim and canoe
Description: BROCKPORT, New York (Reuters) - On her first attempt ever at the long jump, the applause came before 16-year-old Dah Ku even broke a stride.
Title: Christmas toys may be in short supply in Venezuela
Description: CARACAS (Reuters) - Whether they've been naughty or nice, Venezuelan children might be stuck without Christmas presents this year.
Title: Feline frenzy meets Fellini on Gaultier's Paris catwalk
Description: PARIS (Reuters) - Jean Paul Gaultier sent glittering panthers and clowns down the runway on Wednesday as the French designer tapped into feline glamour and Fellini-esque nostalgia for his...
Title: English profanity earns place in standard German dictionary
Description: BERLIN (Reuters) - The English profanity "shitstorm" is so widely used by Germans, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, that the country's most prestigious dictionary has included it in its latest...
Title: Russia's Putin signs law banning gay adoptions
Description: MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a law on Wednesday banning the adoption of children by same-sex couples, as part of an increasingly conservative agenda the Kremlin is...
Title: Spaniard hopes ceramic guitar will help shattered industry
Description: MADRID (Reuters) - A Spanish musician played a guitar fashioned from ceramic for the first time in public on Wednesday and said he hoped production of the instrument could boost the flagging pottery...
Title: Feline frenzy meets Fellini at Gaultier's Paris fashion show
Description: PARIS (Reuters) - Jean Paul Gaultier sent glittering panthers and colorful clowns down the runway on Wednesday as the French designer tapped into feline glamour and Fellini-esque nostalgia for his...
Title: Finnish state sends baby box to British Prince William and Kate
Description: HELSINKI (Reuters) - Britain's Prince William and his wife Kate now have something else in common with every expectant parent in Finland: A box of baby goods from Finnish state social services agency...
Title: 'Enough to get by' depends on where you live in the U.S
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - It costs almost twice as much to live in New York City as it does in Marshall County, Mississippi, according to figures published Wednesday by the Economic Policy Institute, a...
Title: French equality law to push male parental leave, fair pay
Description: PARIS (Reuters) - Frenchmen will be encouraged to take more parental leave and state firms will have to bring more women onto their boards under plans unveiled on Wednesday that aim to improve gender...
Title: Chinese Nobel author trades pen for brush
Description: TAIPEI (Reuters) - A dark figure stands alone in the centre of a bleak, shadowy landscape in one painting, while an ethereal tree-like form claims attention in another.
Title: On trip, Obama brings out the African in the American
Description: DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Midway through a three-country trip to Africa and shortly after an emotional tour of his hero Nelson Mandela's Robben Island prison cell, Barack Obama was greeted by another...
Title: Consumer group outs 'Worst Restaurant Meal in America'
Description: (Reuters) - Calories: 1,320. Trans fats: 33 grams. Sodium: 3,700 milligrams. All that pushed Long John Silver's "Big Catch" limited-time only fish platter to win the "Worst Restaurant Meal in...
Title: British TV channel to air Muslim call to prayer
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - A British television station will broadcast the Muslim call to prayer every morning during Ramadan to give a voice to Britain's Muslim minority, which has faced a backlash since...
Title: All the world's a Chanel stage at Paris fashion week
Description: PARIS (Reuters) - The faded beauty of a crumbling theater, whose curtain opened to reveal an ultra-modern skyline, was the backdrop to Chanel's haute couture show on Tuesday which designer Karl...
Title: Tunisia frees rapper jailed for calling police dogs in song
Description: TUNIS (Reuters) - A Tunisian appeals court on Tuesday‮‮‮‬‬‬ ordered the release from jail of a rap singer who described police as dogs in a video, a ruling that may ease criticism of the Islamist-led...
Title: Kering names Bottega Veneta's Bellettini as Saint Laurent CEO
Description: PARIS (Reuters) - Kering has appointed Francesca Bellettini as chief executive of its Saint Laurent business, replacing Paul Deneve, the French luxury group said on Tuesday.
Title: Mongolia neo-Nazis announce a change of tack - pollution control
Description: ULAN BATOR (Reuters) - A Mongolian neo-Nazi group has rebranded itself as an environmentalist organization fighting pollution by foreign-owned mines, seeking legitimacy as it sends Swastika-wearing...
Title: Flowers at funerals an ancient tradition, Israeli dig shows
Description: JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The earliest evidence of flowers being used in funerals has been found in ancient graves unearthed in Israel, archaeologists said on Tuesday, releasing results of a research...
Title: Michelle Obama, Laura Bush spotlight Africa women's health
Description: DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama and predecessor Laura Bush combined their star power to draw attention on Tuesday to efforts to improve women's health and welfare in east...
Title: Obamacare implementation delay no boon for hiring
Description: (Reuters) - The Obama administration's decision to delay a key provision of the healthcare law, by giving employers an extra year to offer insurance coverage, is not expected to significantly impact...
Title: A grain of salt for those retirement projections
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Only cave dwellers have missed the boom in retirement-planning studies: what seems like a daily barrage of industry-funded surveys and white papers pointing to an aging...
Title: N.Y. attorney general probes payroll cards over fees
Description: New York (Reuters) - New York is investigating some of the country's largest companies over their use of cards to pay hourly employees, a person familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
Title: U.S.-based bond mutual funds post record $28.1 billion outflow: ICI
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investors in mutual funds based in the United States pulled $28.1 billion out of bond funds in the latest week as interest rates rose on fears the U.S. Federal Reserve could cut...
Title: For online lenders, Wall Street cash brings growth and risk
Description: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Institutional investors are tripping over themselves to buy so-called peer-to-peer loans offered by a new breed of Internet lending companies, a development that could...
Title: Strip mall owners struggle with lack of demand in second quarter
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. strip mall owners struggled with a lack of demand in the second quarter, although limited construction of new space led to a modest improvement in vacancy rates and slightly...
Title: Pimco Total Return Fund posts record outflows of $9.6 billion
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pimco Total Return, the world's largest bond fund, suffered record large outflows in June, in a second straight month of withdrawals amid carnage in the bond market that have...
Title: Healthcare reform to end 'job lock' for the over-50 crowd
Description: CHICAGO (Reuters) - When Carmen Oberai was diagnosed with breast cancer several years ago, she knew the treatment would make it tough for her to stay at her job. But she needed the health insurance...
Title: SAC Capital posts strong June amid market selloff, U.S. probe
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - SAC Capital Advisors, the hedge fund firm run by billionaire Steven A. Cohen that has been under intense scrutiny as part of an insider trading investigation, posted a...
Title: High-end pawn shops solve small business cash crunch
Description: CHICAGO (Reuters) - When Marc Kaye needed a loan to fund his boutique insurance firm at a time when payroll, his kids' college tuition and a mortgage payment were all draining his cash reserves, he...
Title: Stock market strategies for a volatile summer
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Ever since the Federal Reserve started hinting it could pull back on its massive bond-buying stimulus program later this year, the stock market has been on a wild ride.
Title: Factory orders rise, hint at stability in manufacturing
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New orders for factory goods rose for a second straight month in May, adding to tentative signs of stabilization in manufacturing after a recent slowdown.
Title: Student loans: Exploiting America's young - Douglas Holtz-Eakin
Description: (Reuters) - Obamacare was paid for on the backs of students.
Title: For financial geeks, a do-it-yourself hedge fund site
Description: BOSTON (Reuters) - In the secretive world of hedge funds, algorithms are not shared because they provide the juice behind market-beating returns, and are a key reason why hedge funds charge their...
Title: What older Americans can do about big student loans
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - In the debate over growing student debt, there has always been one mitigating factor: Borrowers tend to be fairly young and there is plenty of time to pay off what they owe.
Title: How to cope with the doubling of student loan rates
Description: BOSTON (Reuters) - Interest rates on U.S. government-backed student loans doubled to 6.8 percent from 3.4 percent on Monday.
Title: Column: Are consumers ready to be empowered by smart power meters?
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Used right, the new generation of smart power meters could cut peak electricity consumption by up to 20 percent, avoiding the need to construct 2,000 new power plants across the...
Title: Singapore home prices up again, suburbs seen most vulnerable to correction
Description: SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore home prices rose for a fifth straight quarter in the three months to June, and analysts said owners and developers of private apartments in the outer suburbs appear...
Title: Pennsylvania lawmakers pass budget but not pension reform
Description: Harrisburg, Pennsylvania- (Reuters) - Pennsylvania Governor Tom Corbett signed a nearly $28.4 billion budget for fiscal 2014, which starts on Monday, but lawmakers declined to take action Sunday on a...
Title: Ohio governor signs budget including tax cut, anti-abortion provision
Description: CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Ohio's governor signed a two-year, $62 billion state budget on Sunday that seeks to spur economic growth with a reduction in personal income taxes and includes a provision that...
Title: Consumer sentiment ends June to near six-year high
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Consumer sentiment improved in late June, ending the month close to a near six-year high set in May, as optimism among higher-income families rose to its strongest level in six...
Title: How to live up to your LGBT marketing
Description: (Reuters) - Gays and lesbians may not yet have full marriage equality in every state, but in the eyes of the wealth management industry, their money is as good as anyone's.
Title: U.S.-based taxable bond funds post $8.62 billion outflows: Lipper
Description: (Reuters) - Investors in funds based in the United States pulled $8.62 billion out of taxable bond funds in the latest week, marking the first four-week streak of outflows from the funds since 2008,...
Title: Mysteries of the middle class: Chrystia Freeland
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - If you are worried about the Western middle class - and we all should be - you may have started to have some doubts about the virtues of flexible labor markets. In theory,...
Title: Senate tax-writers give colleagues deadline for tax fixes
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Senate's top Democratic and Republican tax-writers, undertaking a rewrite of the U.S. tax code, on Thursday challenged their Senate colleagues to justify keeping popular...
Title: California pot shop billed as world's largest may stay open for now -judge
Description: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A medical marijuana dispensary billed as the world's largest cannabis store may stay open while the city of Oakland fights a U.S. government effort to shut it down or seize the property, a federal judge ruled on Wednesday.
Title: English profanity earns place in standard German dictionary
Description: BERLIN (Reuters) - The English profanity "shitstorm" is so widely used by Germans, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, that the country's most prestigious dictionary has included it in its latest edition.
Title: Remains of New York woman missing for 28 years found in wall
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - The remains of a New York schoolteacher who disappeared nearly 28 years ago have been discovered hidden in a false basement wall in the house where she lived with her husband, police said on Tuesday.
Title: Man killed by three caged tigers in Italy
Description: ROME (Reuters) - A 72-year-old man was killed by three tigers in a closed-down zoo in northern Italy after he entered the animals' cage to feed them, media reports said on Tuesday.
Title: Hitler's food taster feared death with every morsel
Description: BERLIN (Reuters) - Margot Woelk spent the last few years of World War Two eating lavish meals and fearing that every mouthful could mean death.
Title: Israeli who murdered his parents used tips he found online
Description: JERUSALEM (Reuters) - An Israeli who stabbed his mother and father to death was convicted of murder on Monday partly because he searched online for tips including "how to kill your parents and get away with it".
Title: Remembering Gettysburg: Non-Americans join the fray
Description: (Reuters) - It hardly sounds like a dream honeymoon: a week charging around a battleground reverberating with the clamor of 135 cannons, the reek of gunpowder smoke and the cacophony of 12,000 soldiers and 400 horses.
Title: Remembering Gettysburg: Non-Americans join the fray
Description: (Reuters) - It hardly sounds like a dream honeymoon: a week charging around a battleground reverberating with the clamor of 135 cannons, the reek of gunpowder smoke and the cacophony of 12,000 soldiers and 400 horses.
Title: Glastonbury hosts heaven, hell and haircuts alongside the music
Description: PILTON, England (Reuters) - Tomato fights, anarchic gymnasts and astrophysics drew festival-goers of all ages away from the mainstream music acts at Britain's Glastonbury festival this weekend.
Title: California woman gets life for chopping off husband's penis
Description: (Reuters) - A judge sentenced a Southern California woman who cut off her estranged husband's penis and tossed it in the garbage disposal to life in prison with the possibility of parole.
Title: Not a vulture but a drone: South Africa police detain cameraman
Description: PRETORIA (Reuters) - South African police on Friday detained the owner of a radio-controlled helicopter drone carrying a camera that was filming scenes around the Pretoria hospital where ailing anti-apartheid hero Nelson Mandela is being treated.
Title: Two bronze animal heads, stolen 153 years ago, returned to China
Description: BEIJING (Reuters) - The family of a French billionaire and art collector eased a sore point in history on Friday by returning two bronze animal heads, among Chinese treasures pillaged from a Beijing palace by French and British troops more than a century and a half ago.
Title: Singapore 'Hello Kitty' fanciers bare claws in quest for toy
Description: SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore residents braved hazardous air, bid hundreds of dollars and queued for hours to lay their hands on a special Hello Kitty stuffed toy, swept up in a craze for the mouthless Japanese cat that peaked this week in the city-state.
Title: Japan PM Abe hops and flips in voter-wooing game app
Description: TOKYO (Reuters) - It's a bird, it's a plane ... It's a cartoon version of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, hopping and somersaulting his way through the sky in a smartphone game app his party hopes will lure young voters ahead of a July 21 election.
Title: Seattle fireworks too scary for baby bald eagles
Description: SEATTLE (Reuters) - Just because they're both emblems of American pride doesn't mean fireworks and bald eagles should share the same skyline.
Title: San Diego protester faces vandalism charges for sidewalk chalk drawings
Description: SAN DIEGO (Reuters) - A protester is standing trial on criminal vandalism charges in San Diego, and faces a sentence of up to 13 years in prison if convicted, for a scribbling a series of anti-bank slogans in chalk on a city sidewalk.
Title: Costa Rica probes soapy money-laundering link to Venezuela
Description: SAN JOSE, Costa Rica (Reuters) - Costa Rica said on Thursday it was investigating two men suspected of laundering money for Venezuelan government firms after detecting a shady scheme to buy millions of bars of soap.
Title: James Bond watch with geiger counter sells for $160,000
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - A watch adapted for the fictional British spy 007 in the James Bond movies sold for nearly 104,000 pounds ($160,000) at a pop culture auction on Wednesday after being bought, strapless, at car boot sale for 25 pounds.
Title: James Bond watch with geiger counter sells for $160,000
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - A watch adapted for the fictional British spy 007 in the James Bond movies sold for nearly 104,000 pounds ($160,000) at a pop culture auction on Wednesday after being bought, strapless, at car boot sale for 25 pounds.
Title: Wimbledon rules orange shoes out but not colored undies
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Roger Federer received orders from Wimbledon organizers on Wednesday to change his orange-soled shoes that breach an all-white rule although women players will not be pulled up for wearing colored knickers.
Title: Saudi prince sued in UK over sale of opulent jet to Gaddafi
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - The secretive sale of a private jet to Libya's Muammar Gaddafi by a billionaire Saudi prince came under scrutiny on Wednesday in a London courtroom, where a businesswoman who says she brokered the deal is suing the prince for $10 million.
Title: Police dogs Zac and Marlowe get sniffy at Wimbledon
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Marlowe learnt his trade sniffing out tennis balls so he feels right at home prowling around the Wimbledon courts.
Title: Medieval feces shows Crusaders struggled with worms and hygiene
Description: NICOSIA (Reuters) - Medieval feces discovered at an ancient castle in Cyprus has revealed that the Crusaders suffered from a bad case of the worms, and had poor hygiene habits.
Title: Clinton letters, Lewinsky clothing gifts up for auction
Description: LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A collection of items used in the investigation of former White House intern Monica Lewinsky's sexual encounters with then U.S. President Bill Clinton is being auctioned online, Nate D. Sanders Auctions said on Monday.
Title: Daredevil Nik Wallenda completes high-wire walk across Grand Canyon
Description: LITTLE COLORADO RIVER, Arizona (Reuters) - Daredevil Nik Wallenda completed a historic high-wire walk on a 2-inch (5-cm) steel cable over the Grand Canyon on Sunday and was greeted by wild cheers after his hair-raising stunt.
Title: 'Obamacare' foes renew attack after employer mandate delayed
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans launched a fresh assault on "Obamacare" Wednesday, promising a congressional inquiry after the White House delayed a requirement for employer-provided health insurance until after the 2014 congressional elections.
Title: Obamacare implementation delay no boon for hiring
Description: (Reuters) - The Obama administration's decision to delay a key provision of the healthcare law, by giving employers an extra year to offer insurance coverage, is not expected to significantly impact 2014 hiring since many big businees were prepared for the change.
Title: Illinois ex-Governor Ryan released after five years confinement
Description: CHICAGO (Reuters) - Former Illinois Governor George Ryan was released Wednesday morning from home confinement, after serving more than five years in prison on corruption charges.
Title: North Carolina latest state to seek tighter abortion clinic rules
Description: (Reuters) - Stricter rules for abortion clinics were approved by the North Carolina Senate on Wednesday, adding that state to the ranks of a growing number nationwide seeking to tighten regulations.
Title: House may vote soon on controversial auditor issue
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives is expected to vote soon on whether an auditor industry watchdog can force companies to switch auditors every few years, breaking up some business ties that have lasted over a century.
Title: Analysis: Could the U.S. delay Obamacare's mandate for individuals, too?
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama can expect mounting pressure to make new concessions on healthcare reform, especially the requirement that all Americans obtain insurance, after delaying penalties for businesses for the first year of his plan.
Title: NSA hit with furloughs starting next week
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The National Security Agency, the spy agency thrown into the public eye following former contractor Edward Snowden's disclosures, is getting hit with furloughs starting next week.
Title: U.S. declines to criticize Egypt's military as Mursi ousted
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States declined on Wednesday to criticize Egypt's military, even as it was ousting Egyptian President Mohamed Mursi from power.
Title: Senate bill could slash illegal immigration by 50 percent: CBO
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Senate-passed immigration bill would significantly reduce the flow of illegal immigrants, but increased U.S.-Mexico border security costs would eat into projected budget savings, the Congressional Budget Office said on Wednesday.
Title: Strong ties bind spy agencies and Silicon Valley
Description: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Silicon Valley has tried to distance itself from the controversial U.S. surveillance programs exposed by Edward Snowden, but there is a long history of close cooperation between technology companies and the intelligence community.
Title: U.S. asks court not to halt Guantanamo force-feeding
Description: MIAMI (Reuters) - A U.S. federal court has no jurisdiction and no reason to intervene in the force-feeding of prisoners at the Guantanamo naval base, the Obama administration argued on Wednesday in its latest defense of a policy that critics have deemed unethical.
Title: Surplus catfish a tasty bipartisan item in Washington
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Agriculture is spending $10 million on frozen catfish for poor Americans this year as part of a Great Depression-era program that hasn't drawn a peep of protest from budget slashers in Congress.
Title: Obama wildlife trafficking plan may also boost security
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A White House plan to curb illegal trafficking in rhino horn, elephant tusks and body parts from other endangered wildlife could have the side benefit of helping to stabilize parts of Africa plagued by insurgent groups, military and political analysts say.
Title: Texas House panel advances proposal to restrict abortion
Description: AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - A Texas House committee voted to move forward with a proposal to ban most abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy and toughen standards for clinics, after at least 2,000 people sought to testify for and against the measure at an eight-hour hearing.
Title: Missouri vetoes raise questions for Smithfield-China deal
Description: (Reuters) - Missouri Governor Jay Nixon vetoed two bills on Tuesday that would have cleared the way for foreign ownership of farmland and potentially eliminated obstacles to the planned $4.7 billion purchase of Smithfield Foods Inc by a Chinese company.
Title: U.S. to delay key health-reform provision to 2015
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. administration on Tuesday said it will not require employers to provide health insurance for their workers until 2015, a move that delays a key provision of President Barack Obama's healthcare reform law by a year.
Title: U.S. approves second horse slaughterhouse, but renews bid for ban
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government approved a horse slaughter plant in Iowa on Tuesday, its second such move in four days, but it also renewed its appeal to Congress to ban the business and was hit by a lawsuit from animal welfare groups.
Title: Illinois governor vetoes parts of concealed carry gun bill
Description: CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois governor Pat Quinn on Tuesday vetoed parts of a gun bill that would have allowed people to carry more than one gun, carry guns into some places that serve alcohol, and carry a partly exposed gun.
Title: Obama wildlife trafficking plan may also boost security
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A White House plan to curb illegal trafficking in rhino horn, elephant tusks and body parts from other endangered wildlife could have the side benefit of helping to stabilize parts of Africa plagued by insurgent groups, military and political analysts say.
Title: Obama seeks to build Africa business ties on Tanzania stop
Description: DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama sought to advance a new U.S. economic partnership with Africa during a stop in Tanzania on Monday at the end of a tour of the fast-growing continent where Washington faces competition from China.
Title: Top Senate Republican McConnell gets election opponent
Description: (Reuters) - Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, will face a 2014 election challenge from popular Democratic Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes.
Title: Obamacare 1.0: States brace for Web barrage when reform goes live
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - About 550,000 people in Oregon do not have health insurance, and Aaron Karjala is confident the state's new online insurance exchange will be able to accommodate them when enrollment under President Barack Obama's healthcare reform begins on October 1.
Title: Brother of Senator Mark Udall missing in Wyoming
Description: DENVER (Reuters) - Aerial and ground crews searched the rugged mountains of western Wyoming for the younger brother of U.S. Senator Mark Udall who was overdue from a week-long back-country hike, authorities said on Monday.
Title: Top Senate Republican McConnell gets election opponent
Description: (Reuters) - Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, will face a 2014 election challenge from popular Democratic Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes.
Title: Opponents of Texas abortion restrictions rally at Capitol
Description: AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - Thousands of opponents of a Texas proposal to tighten abortion restrictions rallied outside the statehouse on Monday, giving a hero's welcome to Democratic state Senator Wendy Davis, whose 11-hour speech stalled the measure last week.
Title: Russia loses $200 million satellites as launch ends in flames
Description: ALMATY, Kazakhstan (Reuters) - A Russian rocket carrying three navigation satellites worth around $200 million crashed shortly after lift-off from the Russian-leased Baikonur launch facility in Kazakhstan on Tuesday after its engines suddenly switched off.
Title: Leading light in science, Italy's 'lady of the stars' Hack dies
Description: ROME (Reuters) - Astrophysicist Margherita Hack, a popular science writer, public intellectual and the first woman to lead an astronomical observatory in Italy, died on Saturday at the age of 91.
Title: NASA picks Florida agency to take over shuttle landing strip
Description: CAPE CANAVERAL, Florida (Reuters) - NASA has selected Space Florida, a state-backed economic development agency, to take over operations, maintenance and development of the space shuttle's idled landing site at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, officials said on Friday.
Title: NASA telescope to probe long-standing solar mystery
Description: CAPE CANAVERAL, Florida (Reuters) - A small NASA telescope was launched into orbit on Thursday on a mission to determine how the sun heats its atmosphere to millions of degrees, sending off rivers of particles that define the boundaries of the solar system.
Title: NASA probe finds new zone at doorstep to interstellar space
Description: CAPE CANAVERAL, Florida (Reuters) - Reports last summer than NASA's long-lived Voyager 1 space probe had finally left the solar system turned out to be a bit premature, scientists said on Thursday.
Title: NASA telescope to probe long-standing solar mystery
Description: CAPE CANAVERAL, Florida (Reuters) - A small NASA telescope was poised for launch on Thursday on a mission to determine how the sun heats its atmosphere to millions of degrees, sending off rivers of particles that define the boundaries of the solar system.
Title: Scientists make wire of carbon, may sometime rival copper
Description: OSLO (Reuters) - Scientists have made a strong, lightweight wire from carbon that might eventually be a rival to copper if its ability to conduct electricity can be improved, Cambridge University said on Thursday.
Title: Chinese astronauts land safely after "perfect" space mission
Description: BEIJING (Reuters) - Three Chinese astronauts returned to Earth on Wednesday, touching down in north China's Inner Mongolia after a successful 15-day mission in which they docked with an experimental manned space laboratory.
Title: Scientists find neighbor star with three planets in life-friendly orbits
Description: CAPE CANAVERAL, Florida (Reuters) - A neighbor star has at least six planets in orbit, including three circling at the right distance for water to exist, a condition believed to be necessary for life, scientists said on Tuesday.
Title: Square roots? Scientists say plants are good at math
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Plants do complex arithmetic calculations to make sure they have enough food to get them through the night, new research published in journal eLife shows.
Title: New shuttle Atlantis exhibit gives close-up look at space flight
Description: CAPE CANAVERAL, Florida (Reuters) - In deciding how to exhibit the space shuttle Atlantis, which goes on display next week, the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex in Florida opted for a perspective that would allow the public a rare view.
Title: Europe tests reusable spaceship
Description: PARIS (Reuters) - The European Space Agency is preparing to launch an experimental reusable spaceship next summer following a successful atmospheric test flight this week, officials said at the Paris Airshow.
Title: Asteroid-mining firm meets $1 million crowd-funding goal
Description: (Reuters) - A start-up asteroid mining firm that launched a crowd-funding campaign to gauge interest in a planned space telescope reached its $1 million goal, company officials said on Thursday.
Title: With Russian help, Europe prepares to search for life on Mars
Description: PARIS (Reuters) - The European Space Agency signed final contracts with Thales Alenia Space Italy for work on a pair of missions to assess if the planet Mars has or ever had life, officials said at the Paris Airshow this week.
Title: Beetles, housefly larvae open new frontier in animal feed sector
Description: PARIS (Reuters) - French start-up company Ynsect has identified a cheap, nourishing and locally sourced alternative to soybeans as a vital source of protein in animal feed. The clue is in its name.
Title: NASA wants backyard astronomers to help track asteroids
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - NASA called on backyard astronomers and other citizen-scientists on Tuesday to help track asteroids that could create havoc on Earth.
Title: AstraZeneca picks site for new global home in Cambridge
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - AstraZeneca has chosen a science park on the southern outskirts of Cambridge, England, next to the world-renowned Addenbrooke's Hospital, for its new $500 million global headquarters and research center.
Title: Solar plane lands at Washington on journey across U.S.
Description: (Reuters) - An airplane entirely powered by the sun landed in Washington on Sunday after a flight from St. Louis, the next-to-last leg of a journey across the United States intended to boost support for clean energy technologies.
Title: Exclusive: Antitrust probe of Lockheed-Boeing rocket venture
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. regulators have opened a probe into whether a Lockheed-Boeing joint venture that launches U.S. government satellites into space has flouted antitrust laws.
Title: Japan mulls hosting global collider project - Nikkei
Description: (Reuters) - The government has decided to solicit construction in Japan of the International Linear Collider (ILC), a next-generation particle accelerator that will allow physicists to explore rudimentary questions about the universe, the Nikkei said.
Title: Restrictive drug laws censor science, researchers say
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - The outlawing of drugs such as cannabis, magic mushrooms and other psychoactive substances amounts to scientific censorship and is hampering research into potentially important medicinal uses, leading scientists argued on Wednesday.
Title: China's latest 'sacred' manned space mission blasts off
Description: BEIJING (Reuters) - A Chinese manned spacecraft blasted off with three astronauts on board on Tuesday on a 15-day mission to an experimental space lab in the latest step towards the development of a space station.
Title: Weather satellite revived after suspected micrometeoroid hit
Description: CAPE CANAVERAL, Florida (Reuters) - A weather satellite that failed just before the start of an expected busy hurricane season is back in service, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) said on Monday.
Title: China's latest manned space mission to launch June 11
Description: BEIJING (Reuters) - China will launch its next manned space flight on Tuesday, carrying three astronauts on a 15-day mission to an experimental space lab, the National Space Administration said, in the latest step towards the development of a space station.
Title: Asteroid the size of a small truck buzzes Earth: NASA
Description: CAPE CANAVERAL, Florida (Reuters) - An asteroid the size of a small truck zoomed past Earth four times closer than the moon on Saturday, the latest in a parade of visiting celestial objects that has raised awareness of potentially hazardous impacts on the planet.
Title: Celtics appoint Stevens as head coach
Description: (Reuters) - The Boston Celtics have hired Brad Stevens to become their 17th head coach as they look to rebuild a franchise that has won a record 17 National Basketball Association (NBA) titles, the team said on Thursday.
Title: Simpson aims for third time lucky at the Greenbrier
Description: (Reuters) - For two years in a row, the final nine holes at the Greenbrier Classic have cost Webb Simpson dearly and the American is hoping for a case of 'third time lucky' at this week's edition in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia.
Title: Lisicki favorite ahead of 33,000-1 semi-finals
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - An improbable scenario that would have prompted a polite chuckle among tennis fans two weeks ago is set to play out on Thursday when Marion Bartoli, Kirsten Flipkens, Sabine Lisicki and Agnieska Radwanska do battle in the Wimbledon semi-finals.
Title: Murray fights back from the brink to sink Verdasco
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Andy Murray put the home fans through the wringer as he battled back from two sets down to book a place in the Wimbledon semi-finals with an edgy victory over unseeded Spaniard Fernando Verdasco on Wednesday.
Title: For blind campers, a first chance to swim and canoe
Description: BROCKPORT, New York (Reuters) - On her first attempt ever at the long jump, the applause came before 16-year-old Dah Ku even broke a stride.
Title: Murray and Del Potro hang tough, Djokovic imperious
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Andy Murray's predicted stroll to the Wimbledon final became a hazardous obstacle course on Wednesday as he was forced to claw back a two-set deficit against Fernando Verdasco to join top seed Novak Djokovic in the last four.
Title: Watson names North as vice-captain for 2014 Ryder Cup
Description: (Reuters) - United States captain Tom Watson has appointed twice former U.S. Open champion Andy North as a vice-captain for next year's Ryder Cup against holders Europe at Gleneagles in Scotland.
Title: Emotional Janowicz wins Polish shootout
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - If there was any doubt how much it meant to Jerzy Janowicz to reach a Wimbledon semi-final, it was soon evident when the Polish outsider sobbed his eyes out on the famous green turf and struggled to string a sentence together.
Title: Tough Tour day in the office for Garmin-Sharp
Description: MARSEILLE, France (Reuters) - Tour de France team Garmin-Sharp had a tough day in the office on Wednesday when two of their top riders crashed in the fifth stage.
Title: Ovechkin earns sixth first-team All-Star spot
Description: (Reuters) - Russia's Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals earned his sixth selection to the National Hockey League All-Star first team when voting was announced on Wednesday.
Title: Cavendish collects 24th Tour stage win
Description: MARSEILLE, France (Reuters) - Mark Cavendish's love affair with the Tour de France continued as the Briton moved closer to the all-time stage-win record with a perfect sprint finish on Wednesday.
Title: Robson, Murray and Djokovic battle for Twitter supremacy
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Dramatic knockouts and a surge in popularity for British teenager Laura Robson have sent activity on Twitter to new levels at the 2013 Wimbledon tennis championships as more players take to the twittersphere to boost their profiles.
Title: Islamist rebel vows 'maximum force' to stop Sochi Olympics
Description: MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Islamist rebel leaders urged their fighters on Wednesday to use "maximum force" to prevent President Vladimir Putin staging the 2014 Winter Olympic Games in Sochi.
Title: Masterful Djokovic tames Berdych
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - The scoreline suggested Novak Djokovic had stormed to his fifth successive straight-sets win at this year's Wimbledon yet the quarter-final tussle with Tomas Berdych on Wednesday was anything but straightforward.
Title: Injured Del Potro recovers to crush Ferrer
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Argentine Juan Martin del Potro recovered from a horrible early fall to overpower David Ferrer 6-2 6-4 7-6(5) and reach the Wimbledon semi-finals for the first time on Wednesday.
Title: NBA's Wade in China to promote sneakers, but supply is short
Description: BEIJING (Reuters) - The Miami Heat's Dwyane Wade visited China on Wednesday for the first time since signing a multi-million dollar contract with Chinese sportswear company Li Ning last year, but the sneakers that bear his name are in short supply.
Title: McEnroe enjoys new role as comedy fall guy
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - John McEnroe was once the "bad boy" of Wimbledon, berating linesmen and umpires alike and famously screaming "You cannot be serious".
Title: Vettel still searching for elusive home win
Description: NUERBURGRING, Germany (Reuters) - Sebastian Vettel has never won his home German Grand Prix or a race in July, so this week's trip to the Nuerburgring was set to be challenging for the world champion even before last weekend's tire debacle.
Title: British PM ignores 'Curse of Cameron' to wish Murray well
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister David Cameron ignored growing speculation about the 'Curse of Cameron' on Wednesday by tweeting a message of support to Briton Andy Murray ahead of his quarter-final match at Wimbledon.
Title: Surging Indians edge Royals to maintain AL Central lead
Description: (Reuters) - The Cleveland Indians recorded their fifth straight victory with a 6-5 triumph over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday to maintain a slim advantaged at the top of the American League Central division.
Title: Janowicz, Kubot no longer Poles apart at Wimbledon
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - What should have been a dream showdown between Roger Federer and Rafa Nadal has turned into the battle of Poland as Lukasz Kubot and Jerzy Janowicz unexpectedly find themselves in Wimbledon's quarter-final mix along with Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray.
Title: Bailey pitches first no-hitter of season
Description: (Reuters) - Cincinnati Reds pitcher Homer Bailey tossed baseball's first no-hitter of 2013, and his second within a year, on Tuesday in a 3-0 victory over the San Francisco Giants.
Title: Penguins sign Letang to long-term deal
Description: (Reuters) - The Pittsburgh Penguins and their Norris Trophy finalist defenseman Kris Letang have agreed to an eight-year $58 million contract extension, the National Hockey League club said on Tuesday.
Title: Montgomerie fails to qualify for British Open
Description: (Reuters) - Former world number two Colin Montgomerie blew his chance of taking part in this month's British Open after a second-round 76 left him three over par in qualifying on Tuesday.
Title: Flipper Flipkens enjoys second lease of life
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Kirsten Flipkens, a Belgian outsider whose tennis career almost flatlined a year ago after four blood clots were found in her calf, enjoyed a second lease of life as she stormed into her first Wimbledon semi-final on Tuesday.
Title: Zynga's new CEO to get pay package worth some $50 million
Description: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Don Mattrick, the head of Microsoft Corp's Xbox business who will replace Zynga Inc founder Mark Pincus as chief executive next week, will get a hefty, largely stock-based compensation package of about $50 million in coming years, the company said in a regulatory filing on Wednesday.
Title: Yahoo acquires email management app Xobni
Description: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Yahoo Inc acquired email and address book management app Xobni, the Internet company's third acquisition in as many days as it seeks to revamp its online products and boost its Web traffic.
Title: China hands Asian memory makers massive bargaining chip
Description: SEOUL (Reuters) - Asian chipmakers are set to cash in on a major realignment in the volatile industry which is tilting the power balance their way at the expense of gadget makers such as Apple Inc, after years of cautious investment kept supply in check.
Title: Douglas Engelbart, father of the mouse, dies at 88
Description: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Douglas C. Engelbart, a technologist who conceived of the computer mouse and laid out a vision of an Internet decades before others brought those ideas to the mass market, died on Tuesday night. He was 88.
Title: Apple hires former Yves Saint Laurent CEO for 'special projects'
Description: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Inc has hired the former chief executive of French luxury group Yves Saint Laurent for "special projects" reporting to Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook.
Title: Strong ties bind spy agencies and Silicon Valley
Description: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Silicon Valley has tried to distance itself from the controversial U.S. surveillance programs exposed by Edward Snowden, but there is a long history of close cooperation between technology companies and the intelligence community.
Title: Twitter begins cookie-based ad targeting
Description: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Twitter Inc said Wednesday it would begin showing individually targeted ads using cookies, an effective online tracking technology that has also fueled concerns about internet privacy.
Title: Yahoo buys mobile app company Qwiki
Description: (Reuters) - Yahoo Inc said that it will buy Qwiki Inc, a mobile app for creating videos in Apple Inc's iPhone, as it tries to increase its presence in the world of smartphones and tablets.
Title: UK competition watchdog to examine government IT contracts
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's competition watchdog is looking into government information technology contracts to probe whether the largest companies win too great a share of the work.
Title: Spain telecoms regulator sees more pain for operators in 2013
Description: MADRID (Reuters) - Earnings are falling for Spanish telecoms operators this year as recession drags on and competition heats up, with mobile broadband the only area of growth, the head of Spain's telecoms watchdog said.
Title: Founder told to sweeten offer for Dell as Icahn ups the stakes
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Michael Dell has been advised to raise his $24.4 billion offer for Dell Inc, coming under further pressure as billionaire investor Carl Icahn revealed he had committed more than $3 billion to back an alternative proposal.
Title: UK's Ofcom to cut cost of switching superfast broadband provider
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's telecoms regulator is imposing new constraints on BT Group Plc in its operation of Britain's biggest fiber optic network, saying it aimed to make the market for superfast broadband services more competitive.
Title: UK watchdog fines mobile phone insurance broker $4.3 million
Description: London (Reuters) - The UK's financial regulator has slapped a 2.8 million pound ($4.3 million) fine on the company which administers mobile phone insurance sold by Phones 4u for poor handling of complaints.
Title: Megaupload's Dotcom warns NZ against complying with U.S. spying
Description: WELLINGTON (Reuters) - As revelations of U.S. spying shed more light on a Washington-led intelligence-sharing alliance, a victim of illegal spying by member nation New Zealand on Wednesday warned against following the United States into "the dark ages of spying".
Title: Apple hires former Yves Saint Laurent CEO for 'special projects'
Description: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Inc has hired the former chief executive of French luxury group Yves Saint Laurent for "special projects" reporting to Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook.
Title: Oklahoma, Nebraska press Google to stop ads for illegal products
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Nebraska and Oklahoma on Tuesday joined Mississippi in pressuring Google Inc to crack down on Internet advertisements for drugs, including powerful painkillers, that are sold without a prescription, and other counterfeit products.
Title: IRS battles tech companies over 2004 offshore tax holiday
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Internal Revenue Service and two technology firms are fighting in court over tax bills from a 2004 corporate tax holiday, with other multinationals watching closely for a result that could come any day, said tax lawyers.
Title: Zynga, seeking salvation, names Microsoft Xbox head as CEO
Description: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Zynga Inc's decision to bring in the head of Microsoft Corp's Xbox business to replace founder Mark Pincus is a bold stroke that was hailed on Wall Street, but it still leaves questions as to who is ultimately in charge at the troubled game-maker.
Title: Telecom Italia, Hutchison talks stalled ahead of board meeting: sources
Description: MILAN/PARIS (Reuters) - Hutchison Whampoa is losing patience with Telecom Italia over lack of progress on a proposed merger of their Italian mobile phone units, people familiar with the talks said, casting doubt on prospects for a deal.
Title: JP Morgan leads Nokia's 1.2 billion euro acquisition loan: sources
Description: LONDON (Reuters) - JP Morgan is leading the 1.2 billion euro ($1.56 billion) loan backing Finnish mobile handset maker Nokia's 1.7 billion euro acquisition of Siemens' 50 percent stake in joint-venture Nokia Siemens Networks (NSN), banking sources said.
Title: Analysis: Investors buy into software-defined networks, will customers follow?
Description: (Reuters) - As Superstorm Sandy bore down on the East coast last year, companies with data centers in its path needed another location fast. But moving computer servers is tricky, and usually planned over days or weeks.
Title: Bahrain to study restrictions on VoIP services
Description: DUBAI (Reuters) - Bahrain is to study whether to restrict Internet-based telecom services, the communications minister of the restive Arab state told Reuters, although no final decision was imminent.
Title: Apple plans Nevada solar farm in clean energy push for data centers
Description: (Reuters) - Apple Inc said it plans to build a new solar farm with NV Energy Inc for power supply to its new data center in Reno, Nevada, a major step towards its goal of having its data centers run on renewable energy.
Title: Microsoft Xbox head named Zynga CEO
Description: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Games publisher Zynga Inc has replaced chief executive Mark Pincus with Don Mattrick, the Microsoft Corp executive who headed the critical Xbox business, Zynga announced on Monday.
Title: New apps to tame uncontrollable inboxes
Description: TORONTO (Reuters) - Buried under emails? Losing control of an overflowing inbox? New apps are designed to help consumers deal with seemingly endless streams of electronic mail.
Title: Top Wisconsin court upholds convictions in prayer death
Description: (Reuters) - The Wisconsin Supreme Court on Wednesday upheld the homicide convictions of a mother and father who prayed for their dying daughter instead of seeking medical care.
Title: Zimmerman studied Florida's 'Stand Your Ground' law: witness
Description: SANFORD, Florida (Reuters) - Former neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman was well versed in Florida's self-defense laws before he shot and killed unarmed black teenager Trayvon Martin, despite a previous claim to the contrary, jurors were told at Zimmerman's trial on Wednesday.
Title: Snowden still in Moscow despite Bolivian plane drama
Description: VIENNA/GENEVA (Reuters) - Bolivia accused the United States on Wednesday of trying to "kidnap" its president, Evo Morales, after his plane was denied permission to fly over some European countries on suspicion he was taking fugitive former U.S. spy agency contractor Edward Snowden to Latin America.
Title: North Carolina latest state to seek tighter abortion clinic rules
Description: (Reuters) - Stricter rules for abortion clinics were approved by the North Carolina Senate on Wednesday, adding that state to the ranks of a growing number nationwide seeking to tighten regulations.
Title: NSA hit with furloughs starting next week
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The National Security Agency, the spy agency thrown into the public eye following former contractor Edward Snowden's disclosures, is getting hit with furloughs starting next week.
Title: Statue of Liberty set to reopen after Superstorm Sandy
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Statue of Liberty will reopen to visitors with a July 4 ceremony on Thursday, more than eight months after its home island in New York Harbor was flooded and wrecked by Superstorm Sandy.
Title: Housing discrimination case could settle before top court rules
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - For the second time in two years, a case before the U.S. Supreme Court that could limit housing discrimination claims might be resolved before the justices have a chance to rule on it.
Title: New Jersey homeowners to get buyout offers after Superstorm Sandy
Description: (Reuters) - Some New Jersey homeowners are expected to start getting offers from the state within the next two weeks for their properties that flooded during last year's Superstorm Sandy, according to a state spokesman.
Title: High court ruling on same-sex marriage energizes state efforts
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Gay rights activists asked a New Jersey judge on Wednesday to declare same-sex marriage legal in the state, citing last week's Supreme Court ruling striking down the federal law defining marriage as between a man and a woman.
Title: Senate bill could slash illegal immigration by 50 percent: CBO
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Senate-passed immigration bill would significantly reduce the flow of illegal immigrants, but increased U.S.-Mexico border security costs would eat into projected budget savings, the Congressional Budget Office said on Wednesday.
Title: South Carolina July 4 flyover will be a blast from the past
Description: CHARLESTON, South Carolina (Reuters) - Some 200 events marking the U.S. July 4 holiday have been affected by government spending cuts, but South Carolina has saved an Independence Day tradition with the help of some vintage World War Two planes.
Title: Strong ties bind spy agencies and Silicon Valley
Description: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Silicon Valley has tried to distance itself from the controversial U.S. surveillance programs exposed by Edward Snowden, but there is a long history of close cooperation between technology companies and the intelligence community.
Title: Cheap Detroit homes are costly for communities, unwary buyers
Description: DETROIT (Reuters) - The solid red brick house on a block of similar homes in Northwest Detroit sounds like a steal at $3,728.
Title: Storm forecasts cloud progress against deadly Arizona wildfire
Description: PRESCOTT, Arizona (Reuters) - Firefighters labored on Wednesday to extend their grip on a smoldering but still potentially lethal blaze in Arizona that killed 19 members of an elite "hotshots" crew in the deadliest U.S. wildfire tragedy in eight decades.
Title: U.S. drought expands for 3rd straight week-US drought monitor
Description: CHICAGO (Reuters) - Drought conditions expanded in the contiguous United States over the past week given persistent heat and dryness in the southern Plains, while the eastern half of the country is out of drought amid steady rains, according to a weekly drought report.
Title: New to blight, stronger Detroit neighborhoods fight back
Description: DETROIT (Reuters) - One in 10 homes in Detroit's middle class Grandmont Rosedale neighborhood has been abandoned, a low number for a city where about a fifth of properties are empty, but it still troubles retiree residents Clarenda Webb and Beverly Frederick.
Title: White House calls Westboro church protests 'reprehensible'
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Wednesday that it views anti-gay protests of Westboro Baptist Church at military funerals as "reprehensible" but acknowledged it could do little about the group.
Title: Illinois ex-Governor Ryan released after five years home confinement
Description: CHICAGO (Reuters) - Former Illinois Governor George Ryan was released Wednesday morning from home confinement, after serving more than five years on corruption charges.
Title: Accused kidnapper Castro may not see six-year-old daughter: judge
Description: CLEVELAND (Reuters) - An Ohio judge on Wednesday rejected a surprise request from accused Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro to have visits in jail from his six-year-old daughter, fathered with a woman allegedly held captive in his house.
Title: San Francisco area rail strike enters third day, talks continue
Description: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Commuters in the San Francisco area endured a third day of gridlock on Wednesday, as rail workers resumed negotiations to raise their pay and end their first strike in more than 15 years.
Title: Wisconsin court upholds parents' convictions in prayer death
Description: (Reuters) - The Wisconsin Supreme Court on Wednesday upheld the homicide convictions of a mother and father who prayed for their dying daughter instead of seeking medical care.
Title: Ruling on same-sex marriage sparks fights in N.J., other states
Description: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Gay rights activists plan to ask a New Jersey judge on Wednesday to declare same-sex marriage legal in the state, citing the historic U.S. Supreme Court ruling that struck down the federal law defining marriage as between a man and a woman.
Title: Texas House panel advances proposal to restrict abortion
Description: AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - A Texas House committee voted to move forward with a proposal to ban most abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy and toughen standards for clinics, after at least 2,000 people sought to testify for and against the measure at an eight-hour hearing.
Title: New York's attorney general scrutinizes payroll cards: NYT
Description: (Reuters) - New York's top prosecutor is investigating some of the state's largest employers over their use of ATM-style cards to pay their hourly employees, the New York Times reported.
Title: Arizona town reeling over loss of firefighters in blaze
Description: PRESCOTT, Arizona (Reuters) - Outside a fire station in Prescott stand 19 long-handled shovels propped up against a chain-link fence adorned with flowers, flags, ribbons and memorabilia - a makeshift memorial to the 19 fallen firemen who called the Arizona town their home.
Title: Canada bombing suspect's past: A tale of violence, drugs, punk music
Description: SURREY, British Columbia (Reuters) - One of the suspects in a Canadian bomb plot is a former drug user with a history of violence, a self-styled "Muslim Punk" who also wrote songs about his love for Satan.
Title: Obama, Merkel agree to high-level talks on U.S. surveillance program
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama and Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany agreed on Wednesday to hold high-level bilateral talks between their security officials in coming days on U.S. surveillance activities and security issues, the White House said in a statement.
Title: Obama urges Egyptian military to quickly return to democratic government
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama expressed deep concern about Egypt's removal of President Mohamed Mursi on Wednesday and called for a swift return to a democratically elected civilian government.
Title: Italy's Letta calls coalition meeting to smooth tensions
Description: ROME (Reuters) - Italian Prime Minister Enrico Letta meets members of his uneasy left-right coalition on Thursday, aiming to ease tensions that have slowed reforms and hampered efforts to keep public finances under control.
Title: U.S. military chief warns of consequences from Egypt army action
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey on Wednesday warned the Egyptian military of consequences if its overthrow of President Mohamed Mursi is viewed as a coup.
Title: Egypt's Brotherhood will not use violence: senior leader
Description: CAIRO (Reuters) - A senior Muslim Brotherhood politician said the Islamist group had no intention of using violence after the army toppled Egypt's Islamist president, Mohamed Mursi, on Wednesday.
Title: Egypt army topples president, announces transition
Description: CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt's armed forces overthrew Islamist President Mohamed Mursi on Wednesday, sparking wild rejoicing in the streets at the prospect of new elections as a range of political leaders backed a new political transition.
Title: Egypt's interim ruler to be sworn in on Thursday
Description: CAIRO (Reuters) - The head of Egypt's supreme constitutional court, Adli Mansour, will be sworn in as interim head of state on Thursday after the armed forces overthrew elected President Mohamed Mursi on Wednesday for failing to listen to mass protests' demands to share power.
Title: Gulf Arabs welcome ouster of Egypt's president
Description: DUBAI (Reuters) - Gulf Arab states welcomed the Egyptian army's ouster of Islamist President Mohamed Mursi on Wednesday following days of unrest in a country once seen by Gulf Arabs as an instrumental ally against rival power Iran.
Title: Snowden still in Moscow despite Bolivian plane drama
Description: VIENNA/GENEVA (Reuters) - Bolivia accused the United States on Wednesday of trying to "kidnap" its president, Evo Morales, after his plane was denied permission to fly over some European countries on suspicion he was taking fugitive former U.S. spy agency contractor Edward Snowden to Latin America.
Title: Five dead in Egypt as Mursi opponents and supporters clash
Description: ALEXANDRIA, Egypt (Reuters) - At least five people were killed when opponents and supporters of Egypt's deposed president, Mohamed Mursi, clashed after the army announced his removal on Wednesday, state media and officials said.
Title: U.S. declines to criticize Egypt's military as Mursi is ousted
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States declined on Wednesday to criticize Egypt's military, even as it was ousting Egyptian President Mohamed Mursi from power.
Title: Security forces raid Al Jazeera Egyptian TV channel
Description: CAIRO (Reuters) - Security forces raided the Cairo offices of Al Jazeera's Egyptian television channel on Wednesday and detailed at least five staff, hours after the army toppled Islamist President Mohamed Mursi, a journalist at the station said.
Title: Latin America fumes over Bolivia incident in Snowden saga
Description: BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Latin American leaders slammed European governments on Wednesday for diverting Bolivian President Evo Morales' plane on rumors it was carrying a wanted former U.S. spy agency contractor, adding a new diplomatic twist to the Edward Snowden saga.
Title: Ethnic Koreans in China swap burdensome North for profitable South
Description: BEIJING (Reuters) - When a delegation of North Korean officials visited the head of the Korean business association in China last year asking him to drum up investment in their impoverished country, Jin Rong-guo turned them away.
Title: Guinea government, opposition agree to late-September election
Description: CONAKRY (Reuters) - Guinea's government and opposition parties reached a deal on Wednesday to hold long-delayed legislative elections at the end of September to complete the mineral-rich nation's transition to civilian rule.
Title: U.S. declines to criticize Egypt's military as it ousts Mursi
Description: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States declined on Wednesday to criticize Egypt's military, even as it was ousting Egyptian President Mohamed Mursi from power.
Title: Mursi opponents, loyalists clash in Egypt's Alexandria
Description: ALEXANDRIA, Egypt (Reuters) - Opponents and supporters of Egypt's deposed president, Mohamed Mursi, clashed in the Mediterranean city of Alexandria on Wednesday after the army announced his removal from office.
Title: Egypt Muslim Brotherhood TV taken off air: MENA
Description: CAIRO (Reuters) - The television station of Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood was taken off air and its managers arrested hours after Islamist President Mohamed Mursi was overthrown by the armed forces on Wednesday, state news agency MENA reported.
Title: Mexican teens killed after allegedly bullying son of drug boss
Description: MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Two Mexican schoolboys accused of bullying the son of a notorious drug trafficker have been murdered in a suspected revenge attack.
Title: Crowds celebrate across Cairo after army statement
Description: CAIRO (Reuters) - Jubilant crowds across Cairo cheered, chanted pro-army slogans and set off fireworks after the military suspended the constitution and overthrew President Mohamed Mursi on Wednesday.
Title: Syria's Assad says political Islam being defeated in Egypt
Description: BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, fighting to crush a two-year-old uprising against four decades of rule by him and his late father, said on Wednesday the upheaval in Egypt was a defeat for political Islam.
Title: Hounded from office, Mursi finds he and Egypt 'don't mix'
Description: CAIRO (Reuters) - In the end, the army sided with the protesters and the cruel joke was on the president: whether it was tragedy or comedy, placards reading "Egypt and Mursi don't mix" got the biggest laugh on Tahrir Square.
Title: South Sudan suspends radio station for criticizing government
Description: JUBA (Reuters) - South Sudan suspended a Catholic radio station after it investigated the suspicious death of a prisoner, reporters and human rights activists said on Wednesday, the latest crackdown on media in the young republic.
Title: Mursi supporters vent anger at army statement
Description: CAIRO (Reuters) - Islamist supporters of Egyptian President Mohamed Mursi who have gathered in a Cairo suburb reacted angrily to an announcement by the army that it had suspended the constitution and appointed a new, interim head of state.
Title: Video: Time Lapse: Two years of volcanic activity - in one minute
Description: Time Lapse video provided by the U.S. Geological Survey shows thermal imaging spanning two years of lava lake activity in K'lauea's Halema'uma'u Crater in Hawaii -- in just one minute.
Title: Video: Funny French bulldog fears its flatulence
Description: The Feed compiles some of the week's best viral videos, including Thailand's own pet bird-outlaw lady, a teenager who can do anything while playing guitar and tourists in a jeep being chased by a hormonal giraffe. Plus, Gib the French bulldog is afraid of his own flatulence.
Title: Video: Luxury mattress maker introduces $175k bed
Description: Luxury mattress maker Savoir is introducing the "Royal State Bed" - a $175,000 sleeper designed to provide the ultimate slumber experience. CBSNews.com's Nick Dietz reports.
Title: Video: Time lapse: Ancient statue moves on its own?
Description: The Manchester Museum in England has released mysterious time lapse footage of an ancient Egyptian statue that appears to be moving on its own. Felipe Maya reports.
Title: Video: Chupacabra sighting?
Description: The legendary chupacabra, or "goat sucker," may have been caught on tape by a Texas man as he was driving at night. KENS-TV's Mayra Moreno reports on the possible sighting.
Title: Video: World's ugliest dog is crowned
Description: "Walle," a four-year-old beagle, boxer, and basset hound mix beat out unsightly competitors to win the 25th annual "World's Ugliest Dog" competition in California.
Title: Video: Time Lapse: Building the world's largest ship - in 76 seconds
Description: Remarkable time lapse video shows the construction of the world's largest ship -- Maersk Line's Triple-E vessel -- in just 76 seconds. Video courtesy of 
Title: Video: Boxer makes himself at home
Description: The Feed compiles some of the week's best viral videos, including a daredevil dangling from a 250-foot crane, the world's fastest hand clapper showing off his skill and an infant with a special post-shower surprise for his dad. Plus, Ralph the boxer dog makes himself at home.
Title: Video: Nude models pose with coffins in marketing stunt
Description: Nude models posing with coffins may sound strange, but a coffin manufacturer in Poland is banking on the idea. Felipe Maya reports.
Title: Video: Time-lapse: Mount Everest
Description: While most climbers slept, filmmaker Elia Saikaly attempted to capture some of the magic that the Himalayan skies have to offer while climbing to the top of the world. Check out Elia's other works on 
Title: Video: Dog loves to ride owner's John Deere
Description: Henry Ilsley, of Bradford, Vt., rigged up his lawn mower so that his dog, Mia, could have a safe place to ride while he cut the grass. WCAX's Adam Sullivan reports.
Title: Video: Watch: Kitten born with 2 heads in Oregon
Description: A rare two-faced kitten, also known as a "Janus" kitten, was born in Oregon to the surprise of its owner.
Title: Video: Sea lion pup jumps on boat, cuddles with driver
Description: James Gilkinson and his niece got the surprise of a lifetime when a sea lion cub jumped onto their boat off Newport Beach, Calif.
Title: Video: Watch: UK toe wrestling championship
Description: The world toe wrestling championship was held in England. The competition has taken place annually since the mid-1990s.
Title: Video: Time Lapse: Danang explodes with color
Description: Eye-popping time lapse video puts the Vietnamese city on display during an international fireworks competition. Video courtesy of 
Title: Jobs data upbeat, but trade and services dim outlook
Description: 
Title: U.S. judges okay JPMorgan $546 million settlement with MF Global trustee, customers
Description: 
Title: Wall St. posts modest gains in short volatile session
Description: 
Title: FCC approves Sprint/Clearwire/SoftBank deal: sources
Description: 
Title: Zynga's new CEO to get pay package worth some $50 million
Description: 
Title: MCI Calls Qwest's Bid 'Superior' to Verizon's
Description: MCI Inc.'s board of directors embraced a cash-rich offer from Qwest Communications International Inc. after months of saying the company was a financially weaker and strategically less desirable merger partner than Verizon Communications Inc.
Title: Kerry Washington weds pro athlete Nnamdi Asomugha
Description: 
Title: Judge rejects Shakira ex's plea to access account
Description: 
Title: Rapper 50 Cent charged with kicking ex-girlfriend
Description: 
Title: Rapper Mac Miller turns heads with new album
Description: 
Title: Bieber's mom: conversations with son are private
Description: 
