Title: Malala's voice stronger, not silenced
Description: The attack was meant to silence the outspoken teenager who dared to defy the Taliban's ban against girls in school. Instead, it only made Malala's voice more powerful. After a school year that started with a shooting, Malala now eyes a summer of speaking at the U.N., telling her story in a new book and amplifying the issue of girls education.
Title: Fighting for the 'throwaway' girls
Description: Less than half of U.S. teen moms graduate high school. And Principal Asenath Andrews believes that's a slow death for them by lack of opportunities. "In other countries, we scream at people about throwing away girls, but we [do it], too; we just kill them slowly."
Title: Impact Your World: How to help
Description: CNN Films' "Girl Rising" tells the stories of girls across the globe and the power of education to change the world. Are you inspired to help the cause of girls' education around the world? You can make an impact in many ways, but by just being aware of the issue, you can spread the word. By acting in your own community, you can make a global difference.
Title: Photos: Beyoncé rocks for girls education
Description: 
Title: Is it fate? Dog links 2 wounded vets
Description: Karen Shirk puts a lot of thought into matching people with the right service dog. But one recent story has her convinced that larger forces are sometimes at work.
Title: When cooking can kill
Description: For nearly half of the world's population, building and maintaining a fire is a daily -- and often deadly -- chore.
Title: 'I'm not a welfare mom, I'm a soldier'
Description: Jaspen Boothe is committed to helping out homeless female veterans.
Title: Wildlife's worst enemy? Us
Description: Mona Rutger got the call in October: A bald eagle was flopping around on an airport runway after it had been clipped by a private jet. Unfortunately, it's something she sees all too often.
Title: Troubled youth run 'old skool' bistro
Description: As a juvenile corrections officer in Southern California, Teresa Goines found it rewarding to work with troubled youth and help them turn their lives around.
Title: Pregnant and homeless: The real cost
Description: Martha Ryan couldn't believe it. She had never heard of women who were pregnant and homeless. But in one night, she met three.
Title: Pakistan bombings kill at least 47
Description: Two separate bomb blasts in different parts of Pakistan on Sunday killed a total of at least 47 people and wounded more than 90 others, authorities said.
Title: Tensions easing in South China Sea?
Description: China has agreed to hold formal talks with its southeast Asian neighbors about establishing a "code of conduct" to ease maritime tensions in the South China Sea, a major step forward in the long-running dispute.
Title: Chinese astronauts return to Earth
Description: Three Chinese astronauts have returned safely to Earth after completing their country's longest manned space voyage, with their mission hailed by their bosses as a "complete success."
Title: Your solstice traditions 
Description: If Stonehenge is anything to go by, summer celebrations have a millennia-old history. While the ancient druids may have commemorated the fertility of the season, many of us are just happy to get outdoors.
Title: Summer solstice: It's all about sex
Description: In the Northern Hemisphere, the summer solstice has a history of stirring libidos, and it's no wonder. The longest day of the year tends to kick off the start of the summer season, and with it, the harvest. It should then come as no surprise that the solstice is linked to fertility -- both of the vegetal and human variety.
Title: Your most memorable moments
Description: For some it was an exhilarating holiday to an exotic place, finding new love or conquering their greatest fear. For others, it was witnessing an historic event.
Title: Street life seen through kids' eyes
Description: A young boy in a photograph holds a cigarette while sitting cross-legged on a dirt road. We don't know his name, but it's clear by his face his life is full of pain and struggle.
Title: Sports car veers into spectators
Description: A luxury sports car skidded into a crowd at a car show in Poland, injuring 17 people.
Title: Special delivery for Baby Noor
Description: Seven years ago, she captured the hearts of soldiers who brought her to the U.S. for life-saving surgery. Now she's stolen the hearts of ordinary Americans who read of her plight and pitched in to make her life a bit less difficult.
Title: Mumbai to ban racy mannequins
Description: CNN's Mallika Kapur reports on a novel response to India's rape problem -- a proposal to ban sexily clad mannequins.
Title: Inside Moscow 'no man's land'
Description: CNN's John Defterios and Amir Daftari describe what it's like in the transit zone of Moscow's airport, where NSA leaker Edward Snowden has been reportedly holed up for days.
Title: Girls flee war, find 'worse' in camp
Description: Some girls are fleeing the Syrian war with their families, only to encounter rape and sexual harassment in refugee camps. The crisis has led to a growing phenomenon: "sutra" marriages, or marriages for protection.
Title: S. Africa's 'Born Free' generation
Description: CNN's Ivan Watson reports on South Africa's "Born Free" generation: those born after apartheid was abolished.
Title: Fighting for gay rights in China
Description: With arms around each other's shoulders, Wu Yebin and An Wei strolled past rows of food booths and game stalls along the main road cutting through their small village in northern China one recent Friday morning.
Title: With Egypt in limbo, schools suffer
Description: As Egypt struggles to wade through its political problems, an entire generation is at risk of being lost.
Title: Brazil thriving, so what gives?
Description: Brazil had finally made it, so why did millions take to the streets? CNN's Shasta Darlington explains.
Title: Spinning statue stumps museum
Description: The museum officials were stumped. A statue is supposed to stand still, not rotate all by itself.
Title: New species excites 'twitchers'
Description: At a time when most birdwatchers are counting the bird species on the way to extinction, to find a new species previously unknown to science might be cause to pop the champagne corks.
Title: Empty plane seat mocks media
Description: Do I stay or do I go. Almost everyone has already boarded the plane, including dozens of journalists. The airport staff, including lots of security guards, are now glaring at me.
Title: Jolie gives voice to Syria refugees
Description: As a human tide of refugees overflows Syria's borders, actress and U.N. special envoy Angelina Jolie visits those left homeless by the war. In one country, a refugee camp has become the fifth-largest city.
Title: Palestinian wins 'Arab Idol'
Description: A young Palestinian man has won the Arab Idol singing competition. CNN's Mohammed Jamjoom tells us about it.
Title: Geologist tastes prehistoric water
Description: If you discovered water that could be millions or billions of years old, would you taste it?
Title: Crash gives Aussie a French accent
Description: Eight years ago, Leanne Rowe was in a serious car crash that resulted in a broken back and jaw. But when the former bus driver and Australian Army Reserve member recovered, she was left with something completely unexpected: a French accent.
Title: Deadline looms for Egypt's Morsy
Description: The Egyptian military told Mohamed Morsy's government it has until Wednesday evening to "meet the demands of the people," but it stopped short of saying it was suggesting a coup.
Title: Going to school, instead of work
Description: A Nepalese girl has her sights on a medical career because of her mother's blindness. CNN's Fredricka Whitfield reports.
Title: Girls, it's time to power the world
Description: Dear Girls of the World,
Title: Things I wish I'd known at 15
Description: International day of the girl: 'To my 15-year-old self'
Title: New law: Visit parents or face jail?
Description: Lola Wang, a 28-year-old marketing officer in Shanghai, makes a six-hour trip to Shandong to see her parents twice a year -- once during the Lunar New Year and again during the National Day holiday in October.
Title: Why district thanks 'Papa Madiba'
Description: At sunset, the smell of food simmering in dozens of pots starts to fill the air on 15th Avenue.
Title: J-Lo and the dictator: An upside
Description: American pop star Jennifer Lopez is catching all sorts of heat after her Saturday performance of "Happy Birthday, Mr. President" to one of the world's most notorious dictators, Gurbanguly Berdymukhamedov.
Title: Bush: Snowden damaged U.S.
Description: Robyn Curnow sits down with former President George W. Bush to discuss Edward Snowden and the legacy of his office.
Title: Q&A: Egypt on the brink
Description: Egypt is being described as a nation on the brink of a volcano, as protesters again march across the country, this time demanding President Mohamed Morsy step down by Tuesday. And the army has warned both the president and the opposition to resolve their differences and "meet the people's demands" within 48 hours -- or, the army says, it will step in.
Title: Watch Russian rocket explode
Description: An unmanned Russian rocket broke up then exploded shortly after liftoff from a launch pad in Kazakhstan.
Title: New law: Visit parents or face jail?
Description: Lola Wang, a 28-year-old marketing officer in Shanghai, makes a six-hour trip to Shandong to see her parents twice a year -- once during the Lunar New Year and again during the National Day holiday in October.
Title: Street life seen through kids' eyes
Description: A young boy in a photograph holds a cigarette while sitting cross-legged on a dirt road. We don't know his name, but it's clear by his face his life is full of pain and struggle.
Title: How to nominate a CNN Hero
Description: A CNN Hero's journey to global recognition begins with a nomination by someone who's been touched by their efforts.
Title: Last year's top ten
Description: The top 10 Heroes: In their own words
Title: Snowden's asylum options dwindle
Description: Edward Snowden has abandoned his effort to seek asylum in Russia after President Vladimir Putin warned that he would have to stop leaking information about U.S. surveillance programs if he wanted to stay, a Russian official said Tuesday.
Title: Unmanned Russian rocket explodes after liftoff
Description: An unmanned Russian rocket veered off course and exploded in a fireball Tuesday, seconds after liftoff from a launch pad in Kazakhstan.
Title: Pope John Paul II close to sainthood, Vatican source says
Description: The Catholic Church is on the verge of declaring late Pope John Paul II a saint, a Vatican source familiar with the process told CNN on Tuesday.
Title: 46 women rescued in sex trafficking bust
Description: Authorities in Mexico City say they've rescued 46 women in a human trafficking bust.
Title: Europe demands answers about U.S. bugging claims
Description: The European Commission will sweep its office for electronic listening devices and other security breaches following revelations of alleged U.S. surveillance programs targeting European leaders, a commission spokeswoman said Monday.
Title: Group: Video shows monk's beheading in Syria
Description: A Catholic website has posted a gruesome video, claiming it shows Syrian rebels beheading a monk.
Title: Obama concludes Africa trip
Description: President Barack Obama concluded his trip to Africa Tuesday after making a final pitch for partnership at a Tanzanian power plant.
Title: 2 arrested in alleged Canada Day plot
Description: Two suspects have been arrested on terror charges and are accused of plotting to use explosive devices in Victoria, British Columbia, on Canada Day, which fell on Monday, James Malizia of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said at a news conference Tuesday.
Title: Kerry optimistic about Mideast peace talks
Description: Secretary of State John Kerry ended four days of shuttle diplomacy Sunday without an agreement to revive Mideast peace talks but said significant progress had been made and that he would return to the region soon.
Title: Croatia becomes 28th EU member
Description: Croatia formally became the newest member of the European Union on Monday, marking an end to a 10-year campaign for a Balkan state that emerged from the ruins of a bloody civil war.
Title: EU 'shocked' by U.S. spying report
Description: European officials reacted with fury Sunday to a report that the U.S. National Security Agency spied on EU offices.
Title: Vatican official arrested
Description: A bishop who works in the Vatican and two other people have been arrested on suspicion of corruption in a case connected to the Vatican bank, Rome Prosecutor Nello Rossi said Friday.
Title: Ecuador to U.S.: Don't threaten us
Description: Defiant authorities in Ecuador say they won't bow to U.S. pressure as they weigh former NSA contractor Edward Snowden's request for asylum.
Title: Poor, middle class unite in Brazil
Description: During the past two weeks, millions of Brazilians have taken to the streets to protest years of dissatisfaction and discontent with their government. What started as a student mobilization transformed day by day to incorporate professionals, the middle class, and residents of the favelas, or slums.
Title: 4 arrested in DEA agent's slaying
Description: Police in Colombia have arrested four people accused of killing a U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration agent during an attempted robbery.
Title: Qatar emir transfers power to son
Description: Qatar, a tiny but influential Persian Gulf nation, will have a new leader.
Title: Kerry casts doubt on Taliban talks
Description: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry cast doubt on the future of U.S. talks with the Taliban, saying Saturday he doesn't know whether it's possible to get them back on track.
Title: Abbas accepts PM's resignation
Description: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Sunday accepted the resignation of the newly-appointed prime minister, who steps down three weeks after taking office.
Title: Zuma: Mandela's condition better
Description: Though anti-apartheid icon Nelson Mandela is critically ill, he opens his eyes and responds to touch, his oldest daughter said Thursday.
Title: Infighting kills top Somali militant
Description: A senior Somali militant who had a $5 million U.S. bounty on his head has been killed in infighting among members of the al Qaeda-aligned group Al-Shabaab, a spokesman for the group said Saturday.
Title: Pistorius resumes 'low-key' training
Description: Oscar Pistorius will once again don the blade-shaped prosthetic legs, which he has made famous, and dash around a track, his family said.
Title: New planets might support life
Description: Our everyday concerns -- what's for dinner, what to update on Facebook -- seem small when we consider that there's a whole universe out there where other life may exist.
Title: Ancient primate may be missing link
Description: Achilles' heel was his weak spot in the Greek myth, but the heel of a newly discovered primate provides a strong connection between humans and their possible ancestors.
Title: Economy needs immigrants
Description: Joe Green says as immigration vote goes to the House, remember why we need immigrants, a self-selecting group of risk-takers that define America and feed its entrepreneurial ethos
Title: Can Zimmerman win over jurors? 
Description: Eugene O'Donnell says a defense resorting to humor and allowing self-serving statements at trial are fraught with risk. The defense must counter an appearance of callous indifference
Title: It's not about Paula Deen, it's about us
Description: Gene Seymour says Deen's statements let us pillory her while we feel superior. How about instead facing our own unfinished business with racism, such as high incarceration rates for blacks?
Title: U.S. spying is out of control
Description: David Rothkopf says the overreach and ineffective oversight of our intelligence efforts is as much of a threat to the kind of country we want to be as any terrorist group
Title: Find out what your doctor really thinks
Description: Joshua Prager says patients who read their medical records feel empowered and are likely to fare better
Title: Gridlock at the Supreme Court
Description: 
Title: My late wife is thanking you, too
Description: 
Title: Can we forgive Paula Deen?
Description: Dean Obeidallah says history is full of individuals' and society evolving away from bigoted views, such as with same-sex marriage. A sincere apology should lead to redemption.
Title: Obama's right on climate change
Description: After centuries of pumping carbon into the atmosphere, Americans face changing weather patterns and risks to human health, says Chris Field. The nations must commit to changing this
Title: Love or hate her, witness is a star
Description: There is no middle-of-the-road opinion on Rachel Jeantel, the "friend, not-girlfriend" of Trayvon Martin who testified in the George Zimmerman trial Wednesday and Thursday.
Title: For gays, progress stunning, fast
Description: Charles Kaiser says that 44 years ago at the Stonewall riots, no one would have believed the government would recognize same-sex marriage. Politics helped progress that led to today's decisions.
Title: Court got it wrong on gay marriage
Description: Ryan Anderson says marriage is about the union of one man and one woman to provide children with a mom and a dad.
Title: Snowden's asylum options dwindle
Description: Edward Snowden's hopes of finding asylum from U.S. prosecution on espionage charges appeared to dim as country after country denied his request or said he would have to find a way to travel to their territory to apply.
Title: 'Words can't describe the loss'
Description: Joe Woyjeck last talked to his son Kevin, the outdoors enthusiast who took up his father's firefighting profession, on the phone just hours before Kevin died.
Title: Western U.S. seared by heat
Description: Mother Nature is showing her extremes in wildly disparate ways across the country.
Title: Cirque performer killed at show
Description: A performer from the famed Cirque du Soleil troupe died during a Las Vegas show this weekend, leaving the audience to wonder if her fall was part of the act.
Title: Funny to fit: Man sheds 155 pounds
Description: Edwin Velez used to have to suck in his stomach in order to tie his shoes. He requested tables at restaurants, rather than booths, and constantly made jokes about himself in order to hide how uncomfortable he was about his physical appearance.
Title: Western U.S. seared by heat
Description: Mother Nature is showing her extremes in wildly disparate ways across the country.
Title: Snowden's options dwindle
Description: Edward Snowden's hopes of finding asylum from U.S. prosecution on espionage charges appeared to dim as country after country denied his request or said he would have to find a way to travel to their territory to apply.
Title: Missing woman's body found
Description: The hidden skeleton of a woman who had been missing for 28 years came to light when a contractor cleaned out a vacant home in the Town of Poughkeepsie, New York.
Title: Cirque performer killed at show
Description: A performer from the famed Cirque du Soleil troupe died during a Las Vegas show this weekend, leaving the audience to wonder if her fall was part of the act.
Title: 10 stories in 2013 that will make you proud to be an American
Description: In some ways, it has been a pretty tough year for America -- and a year for tough Americans.
Title: Deen's accuser: 'This has never been about the N-word'
Description: The woman who filed a harassment lawsuit against Paula Deen said Monday her suit "has never been about the N-word," addressing the slur that has tarnished the celebrity chef's image and cost her endorsements, a book deal and her TV show.
Title: Teen in jail for months over 'sarcastic' Facebook threat
Description: It was a sarcastic Facebook comment during an argument about a video game. And, according to the father of 19-year-old Justin Carter, it was enough to land his son behind bars for months, facing the possibility of years in prison.
Title: Missing woman's body found 28 years later, behind false wall
Description: The hidden skeleton of a woman who had been missing for 28 years came to light when a contractor cleaned out a vacant home in the Town of Poughkeepsie, New York.
Title: Judge orders Colts safety released, but still faces gun charge
Description: Indianapolis Colts safety Joe Lefeged was allowed to walk out of court on Tuesday, but still faces a weapons charge stemming from an incident in the nation's capital in which police said they found his gun under the seat of a car he was riding in.
Title: Fire battle shadowed by losses
Description: Arizona firefighters battling a deadly blaze are getting big help from the U.S. military: four specially equipped C-130 firefighting aircraft, CNN has learned from the Defense Department.
Title: BART strike slams San Francisco economy
Description: The strike that shut down public transit in California's Bay Area is delivering a blow to the economy.
Title: Third suspect in killing of Aaron Hernandez's friend to be extradited 
Description: A third suspect in the slaying of a friend of former NFL player Aaron Hernandez waived his right to extradition to Massachusetts Monday, according to a district attorney there.
Title: Classes canceled to deal with race issues
Description: Oberlin College in Ohio suspended classes Monday after a student reported seeing a person resembling a Ku Klux Klan member near the college's Afrikan Heritage House.
Title: Watch Friday's Show!
Description: In our last show of the school year, we look at some of today's headlines before looking back at major events and global elections from the past year.
Title: Can you pass the Newsquiz?
Description: June 7, 2013
Title: Easy ways to keep your online accounts safe
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: Egypt unrest pushes oil prices near $100
Description: Oil prices neared $100 a barrel Tuesday, as traders feared tensions in Egypt could spread to the broader Middle East.
Title: Tesla direct-sales petition hits 100,000 signatures
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: Dying startup blogs its collapse 
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: June car sales show industry's continuing recovery
Description: Car sales kept on rolling in June, providing further evidence of the recovery in U.S. auto demand.
Title: New York bakery defends Cronut trademark
Description: The little Cronut has created a big controversy.
Title: Diller hit with $480,000 penalty in Coke stock purchase
Description: Media mogul Barry Diller has agreed to pay a $480,000 penalty to settle charges that he violated filing requirements when he acquired a stake in Coca-Cola, the Justice Department said.
Title: Winklevoss twins' risky Bitcoin bet
Description: A Bitcoin exchange traded fund may be Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss' riskiest bet yet.
Title: Jobs report preview: Mediocre jobs news could calm markets
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: Paula Deen fallout: A mess for suppliers?
Description: As Paula Deen's home-goods empire unravels, companies making or distributing her products -- everything from pots and pans to dishes and scented candles -- may be left with a messy situation of their own.
Title: Eight states raise their gas tax 
Description: Eight states increased their gas tax this week, according to a report from the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy.
Title: Wedding businesses boom after same-sex ruling
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: Stocks lose traction
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: Patent troll: 'I'm ethical and moral'
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: Investors dumping bonds
Description: Investors bolted out of bonds last month, yanking a record $80 billion from bond mutual funds and exchange traded funds, according to TrimTabs.
Title: Vatican's top banking officials resign
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: Stocks: Investors to take a step back
Description: After kicking off the second half of the year with a strong performance, U.S. investors were looking to take a step back Tuesday.
Title: Manhattan home prices rise amid few 'for sale' signs
Description: Read full story for latest details.
Title: Balance out a lopsided index fund
Description: How much of your portfolio should be invested in index funds has long been a weighty question. Or rather, a question of weights.
Title: GAO: U.S. corporations pay average effective tax rate of 12.6%
Description: U.S. companies face the highest official corporate tax rate in the world. But there's a big difference between the rates set out by law and the cash that's actually collected.
Title: Round 2 begins in Texas abortion battle
Description: The Texas Legislature reconvened on Monday, but not before thousands of opponents rallied at the state capitol. Headlining the rally was state Sen. Wendy Davis, a Democrat from Fort Worth and leader of last week's filibuster and newly minted heroine for abortion rights advocates.
Title: George W. Bush quietly burnishes humanitarian legacy in Africa
Description: Former President George W. Bush has a new mission: helping those with the least in Africa.
Title: Sen. Mark Udall's brother missing in Rocky Mountains
Description: The brother of U.S. Senator Mark Udall of Colorado has gone missing after backpacking alone in the Rocky Mountains.
Title: Bush's new mission in Africa
Description: Former President George W. Bush has a new mission: helping those with the least in Africa.
Title: Bush builds on legacy in Africa
Description: CNN's Robyn Curnow interviews former President George W. Bush about AIDS, Nelson Mandela and more.
Title: Obama heads back from Africa
Description: President Barack Obama concluded his trip to Africa Tuesday after making a final pitch for partnership at a Tanzanian power plant.
Title: First lady: White House a nice prison 
Description: While President Obama and former President George W. Bush meet in Africa, their wives discuss their passions.
Title: Obama makes final partnership pitch in Africa
Description: President Barack Obama concluded his trip to Africa Tuesday after making a final pitch for partnership at a Tanzanian power plant.
Title: Kagan hunts with buddy Scalia, bags deer
Description: Justice Elena Kagan has some exciting news: "I shot myself a deer."
Title: Opinion: Give Morsy a chance to fix this
Description: Ed Husain says the Egyptian president may have broken faith with his people, but allowing him to correct his mistakes is a better solution than a fragmented country descending into chaos
Title: Snowden's asylum options dwindle
Description: Edward Snowden has abandoned his effort to seek asylum in Russia after President Vladimir Putin warned that he would have to stop leaking information about U.S. surveillance programs if he wanted to stay, a Russian official said Tuesday.
Title: Where could Snowden go? 
Description: CNN's Tom Foreman looks at the possibilities for NSA leaker Edward Snowden.
Title: Cheat sheet: Catching up on Snowden, NSA leaks
Description: The latest in the NSA leaks fallout: Fresh reports of global espionage. Furious European officials. A plea from the vice president.
Title: Rothkopf: U.S. spying is out of control
Description: David Rothkopf says the overreach and ineffective oversight of our intelligence efforts is as much of a threat to the kind of country we want to be as any terrorist group
Title: WikiLeaks releases Snowden statement
Description: NSA leaker Edward Snowden goes on the offensive in a statement released by WikiLeaks. CNN's Jill Dougherty reports.
Title: Paul: Why are we funding Morsy in Egypt?
Description: Sen. Rand Paul asks: What kind of example do we set when we side with the enemies of freedom?
Title: Will Speaker Boehner make history?
Description: Julian Zelizer says John Boehner has several tools he can use to gather enough support to pass immigration reform
Title: What the sanctity of marriage means
Description: The Supreme Court's ruling shows marriage is an institution that provides stability for society and for the family, so important that it must apply to all equally.
Title: On immigration, GOP offers fear, not ideas
Description: Ruben Navarrette says Ronald Reagan would be ashamed of his party's fear-mongering and illogic on immigration reform
Title: Behind the slide in Obama's poll numbers
Description: Since President Obama seems to be a reflective soul, he must be reflecting on the irony of his latest predicament.
Title: Teen jailed for months over Facebook 'joke'
Description: It was a sarcastic Facebook comment during an argument about a video game. And, according to the father of 19-year-old Justin Carter, it was enough to land his son behind bars for months, facing the possibility of years in prison.
Title: The iPad-controlled yacht
Description: Could this space-age high-tech superyacht be the future of nautical design? Sailors can steer the $23 million vessel 50-meters away with an i-Pad.
Title: Teen jailed over Facebook 'joke'
Description: It was a sarcastic Facebook comment during an argument about a video game. And, according to the father of 19-year-old Justin Carter, it was enough to land his son behind bars for months, facing the possibility of years in prison.
Title: Apple files for 'iWatch' trademark
Description: It's been a while since we've heard anything concrete on Apple's rumored "iWatch" device, but Bloomberg now reports that Apple has filed on June 3 to trademark that name in Japan.
Title: The 12 greatest designs of last 100 years
Description: We asked some of the world's greatest designers to nominate the most iconic industrial design from the last 100 years. Here's what they came up with.
Title: An online summer camp for do-it-yourself kids
Description: Hey, young readers: Instead of another summer uttering the dreaded phrase "I'm bored," how about meeting a NASA astronaut or building a working potato cannon?
Title: Meet an iPad-controlled $15 million yacht
Description: Could this space-age high-tech superyacht be the future of nautical design? Sailors can steer the $23 million vessel 50-meters away with an i-Pad.
Title: In new games, gore gives way to emotion
Description: Forget the macho world of the standard shoot-'em up video game. Rather than relying on blood, gore and mayhem, a number of game developers are tapping into their inner emotions, inviting gamers along for adventures of the psyche.
Title: Team rebuilding world's first website
Description: Twenty years ago, a team of researchers shared the Web with the world. Now they want to show a generation that grew up online what it was like in its earliest days.
Title: Meet the Rules of the Internet
Description: Hello! Welcome to the Internet. It's a big place, so let me show you around.
Title: Why disc drives are an endangered species
Description: Could the phrase "burn a disc" soon be interred in the computing graveyard, resting peacefully alongside 8-bit graphics and the chirping, buzzing hum of a dial-up modem? Some of the most influential computer makers in the world say yes.
Title: Netiquette: Saying farewell
Description: So many folks manage to lose their netiquette heads when they scramble, legs flailing and akimbo, toward the denouement of events and life chapters. So here is the ultimate (get it?) digital-etiquette guide to a polite big finish.
Title: 10 smartphone habits to avoid
Description: How annoying and rude and antisocial have we all become with our smartphones? We're embarrassing ourselves all over the place. Please stop.
Title: Five texts you should never send
Description: We're texting more than ever, and, like society, the texts themselves are getting worse and worse. Read on to learn just how terrible silent cell phone users are these days.
Title: An open letter to texting-mad teenagers
Description: Put your phone down for a second, teen texters -- there are some things you've got to hear.
Title: I pushed my wheelchair 3,300 miles
Description: In doing the Push Across America, I wanted to help promote disability sports in the United States and encourage people to view athletes with disabilities in the same way they view other athletes -- in other words, no differently.
Title: From cancer patient to oncologist
Description: When I was diagnosed with cancer, my doctor told me I had "a 60% chance of survival, or maybe a little less than that."
Title: Piano marvel: short arms, 2 fingers
Description: Landon Weeks says he's learned to do the seemingly impossible, despite his physical challenges.
Title: Military wives lose 300 pounds
Description: Anne Moyer and Diane Ritchie relied on each other to change their eating habits and start exercising.
Title: Obesity treatment may change
Description: The American Medical Association has officially labeled obesity a disease. But what does that mean for patients?
Title: Tri training: What I wish I'd known
Description: Before I applied for the CNN Fit Nation program, I thought I knew quite a bit about the sport of triathlon. I was wrong.
Title: No time? Try the 7-minute workout
Description: Seven minutes. That's the amount of time it takes to complete this high-intensity circuit training program designed to help you lose weight and get fit.
Title: 10 ways to act like a champion
Description: I'm often called a triathlon champion. I've won four World Ironman championships, which I suppose qualifies me for the title. But in my view, you don't actually become a champion.
Title: I almost left my disabled daughter
Description: Once I overcame my own selfish expectations for my daughter, I slowly began to see the beautiful girl that would change my life forever.
Title: Asia's ideal: Looking Caucasian
Description: The majority of Asian facial cosmetic operations are "Westernizing" procedures. Dr. Anthony Youn questions whether this is an ethical practice.
Title: Doctor is pain medicine 'visionary' 
Description: Dr. Garret FitzGerald's career almost fell through because of a cockroach. But he went on to research how aspirin affects the heart.
Title: Be safe around fireworks
Description: CNN's Mary Ellen Hopkins reports on protecting your family from injuries involving fireworks.
Title: New sunscreen label language 
Description: Start the summer with good sun protection habits. Get an understanding of some new sunscreen label language.
Title: Dirty beaches
Description: CNN's Elizabeth Cohen tells us about the water quality of beaches in the U.S.
Title: Tubing behind a boat is dangerous
Description: Tubing behind a boat is dangerous. CNN's Holly Firfer reports.
Title: Preventing lightning fatalities
Description: Pat St.Claire takes a look at how better to protect student athletes from these dangerous bolts of energy.
Title: Summer foods for weight loss 
Description: CNN's Holly Firfer looks at how eating summer fruits and vegetables can help you lose weight.
Title: Eating bugs is healthy
Description: Scorpions, crickets and other insects are inching their way into America's diets. Holly Firfer reports.
Title: Maximize your doctor's visit 
Description: Pat St.Claire asks a doctor how to maximize your doctor's visit to optimize your health.
Title: Migraine awareness
Description: What is a migraine? How do you know you have one? What can be done? CNN's Holly Firfer reports.
Title: Go for a walk after you eat
Description: Holly Firfer reports that going for a stroll after we eat may help protect us from type 2 diabetes.
Title: Warm water helps arthritis patients 
Description: CNN's Holly Firfer reports on how warm-water exercise is helping arthritis patients to have less pain and more movement.
Title: Preparing for a hurricane
Description: CNN's Shelby Lin reports on how you should prepare for a hurricane.
Title: Good fats versus bad fats 
Description: CNN's Holly Firfer tells us that not all fats are created equal. There are good fats and bad fats.
Title: Treating sunburns
Description: Holly Firfer reports on the best ways to treat a sunburn.
Title: Health risks from floods
Description: CNN's April Williams gives us tips on how to stay safe while cleaning up after a flood.
Title: Backyards can be dangerous
Description: CNN's Holly Firfer reports on four things lurking in your backyard that could be dangerous to children.
Title: Playground safety
Description: HLN's Susan Hendricks reports on what parents need to know to keep their kids injury-free on the playground.
Title: Reduce the risk of drowning
Description: Holly Firfer gives us important information about how to reduce the risk for drowning for children and families.
Title: Four numbers for good health
Description: Holly Firfer reports on four numbers you should know for good health.
Title: Endearing pooch Lentil helps kids with facial differences
Description: He's 5 months old, about 10 pounds of adorable, and he already has more than 90,000 Facebook friends. Meet Lentil.
Title: Science says royal baby will be a ...
Description: Based on scientific studies, there are a number of factors suggesting Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, is more likely to have a baby girl than a boy.
Title: Funny to fit; man sheds 155 lbs
Description: Edwin Velez used to have to suck in his stomach in order to tie his shoes, and made jokes in order to hide his discomfort about his appearance.
Title: DNA pioneer Watson on 'gold rush'
Description: James Watson, 85, worked with Francis Crick to figure out that DNA, the molecule of life, has a double helix structure.
Title: FDA shuts online pharmacies
Description: The prices may look tempting, but ordering from an online pharmacy is often a bad -- and dangerous -- deal, experts say.
Title: End-of-life medical terms 
Description: At the end of life or in critical care situations, it's common for doctors to use terms that may sound vague to friends and family members.
Title: Lightning and the body
Description: CNN's Dr Sanjay Gupta explains how and why people can be physically impacted by lightning, even without a direct hit.
Title: Disorder 'life sentence'
Description: The movement disorder dystonia is cloaked in mystery and can take years to diagnose. In most cases, the cause is unknown; there is no cure.
Title: 5 ways to kick your soda habit
Description: Despite recent heightened awareness about its many negative effects on our health, whether it's to get through the mid-afternoon slump or paired with lunch or dinner as our beverage of choice, many of us still reach for soda daily for a jolt of caffeine and sugary satisfaction.
Title: Dining out with food allergies
Description: For the millions of Americans with severe life-threatening food allergies, dining out can feel like a minefield.
Title: 5 ways to maximize your doctor's visit
Description: How did your last doctor's appointment go? If you're like most patients, your answer might be "too quickly."
Title: Learn from my daughter's eating disorder 
Description: My daughter Catharine died after a four-year fight with anorexia nervosa. As a doctor and father, here's what I want parents to know.
Title: Common end-of-life medical terms 
Description: At the end of life or in critical care situations, it's common for doctors to use terms that may sound vague to friends and family members.
Title: Mysterious disorder 'life sentence'
Description: The movement disorder dystonia is cloaked in mystery and can take years to diagnose. In most cases, the cause is unknown; there is no cure.
Title: How lightning affects the human body
Description: CNN's Dr Sanjay Gupta explains how and why people can be physically impacted by lightning, even without a direct hit.
Title: Girl on ventilator after lung transplants
Description: Sarah Murnaghan's family is still waiting for the young Pennsylvania girl's new lungs to work independently, after her very public fight for her life took a delay.
Title: Catching up with the Fit Nation team
Description: The CNN Fit Nation "6-pack" is keeping busy during these long summer days.
Title: What milk shakes teach us about food addiction
Description: A new study provides the strongest evidence yet that certain foods trigger addictive behavior just as drugs can.
Title: UK takes step toward 'three-parent babies'
Description: The United Kingdom took a step Friday toward being the first country in the world to allow a pioneering in vitro fertilization technique using DNA from three people that could prevent mitochondrial diseases but that also raises significant ethical issues.
Title: Boy hears for first time
Description: The surprise on 3-year-old Grayson Clamp's face in the video is priceless. His mouth opens wide as he points to the person in front of him speaking.
Title: HIV infections down in children
Description: The number of children living with HIV is slowing down in the areas of the world which typically account for the most new infections, the U.N. Programme on HIV/AIDS said Tuesday.
Title: #AskSanjay: Favorite brain tips
Description: CNN chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta has spent his career traveling the globe researching and reporting on how to keep your brain sharp.
Title: Sight changed by 3-D movie?
Description: Bruce Bridgeman had poor depth perception and could never see in stereo, with both eyes. After watching the 3-D movie, he says, things began to "jump out at me."
Title: No more chemo? It may happen
Description: There's a revolution occurring in cancer treatment, and it could mean the end of chemotherapy.
Title: Heart attack, stroke can trigger PTSD
Description: Douglas Mogle spent two weeks in the cardiac ICU. But the days and months after he was released were far worse.
Title: Too much of a not-so-good thing?
Description: Dr. Paul Offit, chief of the division of infectious diseases at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, warns against the dangers of too many vitamins.
Title: Understanding your DNA
Description: Billions of letters make up your DNA. Dr. Francis Collins has made it his life's work to understand what it all means.
Title: Bale won't be in 'Justice League' film
Description: We already knew that Christian Bale probably wasn't going to show up as Batman in the upcoming Justice League movie, the Avengers-style supergroup of DC heroes. First, Bale said that he wouldn't do another Batman movie unless Nolan opted for a fourth Dark Knight chapter, which Nolan says isn't happening. Then 'Man of Steel' and 'Dark Knight' screenwriter David S. Goyer confirmed that the Justice League's Batman would be a rebooted character. So that pretty much closed the book.
Title: Deen's accuser speaks out
Description: The woman who filed a harassment lawsuit against Paula Deen said Monday her suit "has never been about the N-word," addressing the slur that has tarnished the celebrity chef's image and cost her endorsements, a book deal and her TV show.
Title: Is Baldwin getting a pass?
Description: HLN's A.J. Hammer asks why Alec Baldwin hasn't had any backlash for his homophobic comments on Twitter.
Title: 'Elmo' voice actor suits dismissed
Description: Three lawsuits filed against former Sesame Street "Elmo" voice actor Kevin Clash have been dismissed, a clerk with Manhattan District court said Monday.
Title: 'Sing-Off' taps Jewel as judge
Description: "The Sing-Off" has found its new judge: Grammy-nominated singer-songwriter Jewel is coming to NBC's cult-favorite a cappella competition series this winter.
Title: The work of Jim Kelly
Description: Martial arts actor Jim Kelly
Title: Up all night with funnyman Kevin Hart
Description: Kevin Hart talks with CNN about the upcoming movie based on his Let Me Explain tour, other projects he has in the works, being genuine, and exhaustion in general.
Title: Deen invokes same-sex marriage ruling in suit defense
Description: Celebrity chef Paula Deen hopes the Supreme Court's ruling allowing same-sex marriage to be legal in California will help in her defense against a racial discrimination lawsuit.
Title: Bale won't be Batman in 'Justice League' film
Description: We already knew that Christian Bale probably wasn't going to show up as Batman in the upcoming Justice League movie, the Avengers-style supergroup of DC heroes. First, Bale said that he wouldn't do another Batman movie unless Nolan opted for a fourth Dark Knight chapter, which Nolan says isn't happening. Then 'Man of Steel' and 'Dark Knight' screenwriter David S. Goyer confirmed that the Justice League's Batman would be a rebooted character. So that pretty much closed the book.
Title: Costumes of rock touring Europe
Description: Iconic costumes from rock and pop legends have been assembled into an exhibition which is touring Europe.
Title: Ruben Studdard joins 'Biggest Loser'
Description: Have you ever seen a Velvet Teddy Bear with rock-hard abs? American Idol alum Ruben Studdard, who beat Clay Aiken back in 2003 to earn the season 2 crown, is moving on to a new reality competition: The Biggest Loser.
Title: Deen's accuser: 'This has never been about the N-word'
Description: The woman who filed a harassment lawsuit against Paula Deen said Monday her suit "has never been about the N-word," addressing the slur that has tarnished the celebrity chef's image and cost her endorsements, a book deal and her TV show.
Title: Lawsuits against 'Elmo' voice actor dismissed
Description: Three lawsuits filed against former Sesame Street "Elmo" voice actor Kevin Clash have been dismissed, a clerk with Manhattan District court said Monday.
Title: The hot albums and festivals this summer
Description: Summer is the best time for outdoor musical festivals and blasting music with all the windows open. We've done the legwork for you, and compiled what should be some of the best albums of the season, and the most tent-worthy festivals, organized by region.
Title: More cop trouble for Bieber
Description: The singer-heartthrob was reportedly involved in an accident in Los Angeles on Monday night involving a pedestrian.
Title: Fox fall premiere dates get jump on rivals
Description: Fox has released a fall premiere date schedule that gets the jump on rivals.
Title: 'The Voice' winner talks triumph
Description: "The Voice" crowned Texas teen Danielle Bradbery its new winner on Tuesday, proving to the country singer that she could do what she'd thought to be impossible.
Title: Selma Blair exits 'Anger Management'
Description: Charlie Sheen's FX comedy "Anger Management" has lost a leading lady.
Title: Dan Harmon sorry for trashing 'Community' 
Description: And thus another Harmontroversy draws to a close — at least, until the Community creator ruffles another set of feathers. (In other words: Watch this space.)
Title: 20 shows to watch this summer
Description: Summer doesn't have to be a bleak time for television-viewing -- some of the best shows on the air ("Breaking Bad") or on Netflix ("Arrested Development") are on just in time for Memorial Day and beyond.
Title: Brad Pitt: From 'Dallas' to 'World War Z'
Description: 
Title: What to read this summer: 20 picks
Description: 
Title: 'Sopranos' cast mourns James Gandolfini
Description: 
Title: Kanye West's controversial moments
Description: 
Title: Sexiest celebrity dads
Description: 
Title: All grown-up: Child star transformations
Description: 
Title: 'Walking Dead' creator on show's success
Description: "The Walking Dead" creator Robert Kirkman explains why the show resonates. See the full interview Friday at 11 p.m. ET.
Title: Martin Short 'empowered' by loss
Description: Martin Short on enduring loss at a young age and how his close-knit upbringing inspired him as a dad.
Title: George and Keanu's excellent adventure
Description: Strombo visits Keanu Reeves' Arch Motorcycles where the actor reveals a previously unknown side of himself.
Title: Jackson kids' testimony shown
Description: Paris and Prince Jackson made their first appearances Tuesday in the wrongful death trial against their father's last concert promoter.
Title: The Jackson family tree's many branches
Description: 
Title: Execs face questions about Jackson death
Description: AEG Live asked Michael Jackson's estate to repay the concert promoter $300,000 for Dr. Conrad Murray's fee three weeks after Jackson's death, court testimony revealed Monday.
Title: MJ before death: 'God keeps talking to me'
Description: Michael Jackson told his tour director days before he died he was hearing God's voice, a producer testified Wednesday.
Title: Witness: Jackson was paranoid in last days
Description: Michael Jackson appeared paranoid, repeating himself and shivering from chills in his final days, his longtime makeup artist testified Thursday.
Title: Photos: Who's who in the Jackson trial
Description: 
Title: Summer movie guide: Top 20 picks
Description: This year's summer movie season is all about asking "What if?"
Title: 'World War Z' is 'scary good'
Description: Just about every zombie movie I can think of is set, for the most part, in tightly defined spaces where groups of survivors huddle to fend off the flesh-hungry hordes outside.
Title: At 75, is Superman over the hill?
Description: In the comic-book world, he is sometimes derided as "the big blue Boy Scout."
Title: 5 train stations worth a stop
Description: Most people who travel by train rush through the station so quickly, they don't stop to appreciate their surroundings. But some terminals deserve a look for their beauty, their heritage and engineering. These are on the right track.
Title: An SOS for 'America's flagship'
Description: In the 1950s and 60s, if you wanted to sail on the fastest, sleekest, swankiest ship on the ocean, you bought a ticket on the SS United States.
Title: 8 reasons to trade up on trains
Description: When is it worth the splurge for first-class rail tickets in Europe and places far beyond?
Title: Intriguing summer escapes 
Description: These aren't your typical Southern escapes. From an African safari-style tent in Texas Hill Country to skeet shooting from a former Coast Guard station 34 miles offshore, these spots offer a little something different.
Title: Beaches we'd like to be lounging on
Description: We asked readers to share photos of their favorite beaches. Soothing, right? Maybe it's time to start thinking about a sunny getaway.
Title: Best all-inclusive cruises
Description: On most cruise ships, your accommodations, standard meals, entertainment and daytime activities are included in your fare. Then the nickel-and-diming begins.
Title: 10 things to know about Peru
Description: You know about Machu Picchu and the Inca Trail. Now say hola to the rest of this amazing Andean country.
Title: 10 things to know about Colombia
Description: Stereotypes should be swept aside before visiting this South American wonder. Today's Colombia is much more than the Escobar legacy.
Title: 11 things to know about Quebec
Description: Inhabitants of Quebec pride themselves on being different from their neighbors. This is French soil, with a language police and its own holiday that's more fervently celebrated than Canada Day.
Title: Camping: Horror or bliss?
Description: Jared Kennedy remembers waking up in the middle of the night to creatures scratching at his tent on every side when he was 15. Don't try to get this 32-year-old to sleep in a tent now. He's done.
Title: Heartbroken? 5 recovery ideas
Description: If you need relationship recovery, consider these escapes as a way to say hello to the rest of your life.
Title: To Disney or not to Disney?
Description: There's no shortage of passion on the topic of Disney: It's pure magic for many travelers, but for others the princesses and the commercialism put Disney's empire firmly on their must-not-see lists.
Title: Kumbh Mela festival
Description: 
Title: Dream trips
Description: Imagine kicking back on a private island in the Bahamas where the staff caters to your every whim.
Title: Fun with ice
Description: Some people think the only cure for the doldrums of winter is sunshine. Far from it. Why not up the ante? Don't suffer snow and ice at home when you can really do winter vacations and ice holidays in style.
Title: 2013 wish list
Description: We've all got them: places that live large in imagination or memory, begging us to hop on a plane to uncover their delicious mysteries. Here a handful of CNN correspondents name their dream destinations.
Title: Bizarre buildings 
Description: Bizarre is in the eye of the beholder.
Title: Penguins
Description: Hankering to see some happy feet? Antarctica is far from your only option.
Title: Otherworldly places
Description: We can't visit Mars (yet), but our own planet's unique terrain presents plenty of landscapes with an out-of-this-world feel. Check out iReporters' otherworldly photos, which cover a lot of ground on Earth.
Title: Nice, France
Description: Nice, France, draws celebrities and tourists from all over the world -- for good reason. Check out iReporters' snapshots to see why.
Title: Summer trips
Description: We can't take every summer vacation we'd like to take, but CNN iReporters can certainly take us to some of those places. Here, iReporters share some of their summer travels and photos, which cover a lot of terrain.
Title: Virgin Islands
Description: The British and U.S. Virgin Islands offer crystal blue waters and beautifully serene escapes. iReporters shared their photos with us.
Title: Paris
Description: As Valentine's Day approaches, we explore all of Paris' glittering allure through the beautiful photos submitted by our iReporters.
Title: Autumn color
Description: Mark Collier grew up in the mountains of Vermont. Every autumn, he would see an influx of tourists flood his state to get a glimpse of the brilliant fall leaves. He didn't get what the big deal was, but he understands now.
Title: London landmarks
Description: London is brimming with historic and iconic sights that create perfect picture postcards. iReporters take us on their own personal tour of London's best with their photos.
Title: Morocco
Description: 
Title: A ranger's guide to Gettysburg
Description: The ferocious Battle of Gettysburg, considered a turning point in the Civil War, occurred 150 years ago this week. Check out some of a military park ranger's favorite spots.
Title: See Alaska's brown bears
Description: Head to the stunning Katmai National Park & Preserve in Alaska, where park ranger Roy Wood shares his favorite spots in the park. The brown bears are already catching the sockeye salmon that started running the river in late June.
Title: 8 hotels still fresh at 100
Description: Whenever a new hotel opens, guests are quick to flock there, clamoring for its shiny new rooms and state-of-the-art features. But there's something to be said for staying at a venerable older property, like these top-rated hotels that are each celebrating their centennial this year.
Title: 5 storied beach trips
Description: Crashing waves. Windy bluffs. The mystique of the high seas and whatever lies beyond: Seaside places possess a dramatic allure that's naturally attractive to storytellers and beachgoers alike.
Title: Stalking world's biggest planes
Description: You don't have to be an aviation geek to appreciate the beauty of the world's biggest planes. Here's where you can find giants with names like The Mriya, the Dreamlifter and the Super Guppy.
Title: Today's photo: Hawaiian wave
Description: See stunning shots from around the world, and be sure to come back every day for a new image.
Title: Isle Royale: An isolated paradise
Description: Talk about a vast, isolated island wilderness.
Title: Cuyahoga Valley: A spiritual retreat 
Description: There's romance in our National Parks, and not just the human kind. A self-described hopeless romantic, park ranger Margaret Adams likes to lead the full moon night hikes at Cuyahoga Valley National Park in Ohio.
Title: Thrilling Hong Kong airport photos
Description: Pilot and photographer remember Kai Tak airport -- from the fondest to the scariest moments
Title: Airports where architecture soars
Description: It's about making an entrance. Dramatic entries are a given with air travel, and airports should convey a sense of welcome and arrival to travelers landing in a new city, says architecture critic Paul Goldberger.
Title: 8 hotel fees that may surprise you
Description: We've come to expect fees for hotel WiFi and parking, but as lodging fees pile up, there are some that may come as a surprise to even the seasoned business traveler.
Title: River cruising the U.S.A. 
Description: Holly Firfer shows us how to see America on a river cruise.
Title: Yosemite: A national park jewel
Description: Yosemite National Park has almost everything a nature lover could desire: Glorious waterfalls, spectacular meadows and valleys, groves of ancient sequoias and the wildlife that call the park home.
Title: Pretzel meteor? Art in flight
Description: She's really very stealthy. Nina Katchadourian has been creating unusual works of art from her airplane seat -- and occasionally the lavatory -- since 2010, and only three people have ever asked about her in-flight activities.
Title: Relax, get fit
Description: If you're so tied to your work and smart phone that you can't take a break, these wellness retreats in and around the U.S. may convince you to step away from the business world to embrace a healthier lifestyle.
Title: Can Dreamliner still live up to its name?
Description: This was no ordinary plane ride. On Monday, the 787 returned to domestic service after a four-month grounding. After months of concern about the 787's future, the excitement and tension were palpable.
Title: Best indie bookstores 
Description: While it's hard to beat the Internet for efficiency, virtual book-buying can't satisfy the same itch for discovery that browsing in person can. Mystery writer Hilary Davidson shares her top North American havens for book lovers.
Title: 12 alternative Italian hot spots
Description: Some of Italy's lesser known towns and villages are equally, or more, impressive as the bigger drawcards. Here are our favorites.
Title: 20 of the world's best sights
Description: You heard of the two guys who recently opted in to a two-year, $1.5 million holiday? These are some of the sights they'll be privy to.
Title: Wild U.S.: 7 places to see it
Description: Check out one naturalist's favorite places to appreciate what's truly wild in the United States.
Title: World's best airport hotels
Description: How close are you to the airport? Is there a decent bar or restaurant on site? The worn-down, travel-weary businessperson is looking for proximity, convenience and comfortable amenities in an airport hotel. There's little time to waste.
Title: How Cambodia's Khmer empire just got bigger
Description: Outside of Siem Reap, the results of an airborne laser survey confirm the existence of a medieval city buried beneath impenetrable jungle on a remote mountain.
Title: Should tourists still visit Egypt?
Description: Egypt's tourism industry has suffered another blow with the resignation of the country's tourism minister, Hisham Zazour.
Title: A ranger's guide to Gettysburg
Description: The ferocious Battle of Gettysburg, considered a turning point in the Civil War, occurred 150 years ago this week. Check out some of a military park ranger's favorite spots.
Title: Top free U.S. attractions
Description: Enjoying what America has to offer can get expensive fast, but not all great attractions charge a fee.
Title: 8 hotels still fresh at 100
Description: Whenever a new hotel opens, guests are quick to flock there, clamoring for its shiny new rooms and state-of-the-art features. But there's something to be said for staying at a venerable older property, like these top-rated hotels that are each celebrating their centennial this year.
Title: Should tourists still visit Egypt?
Description: Egypt's tourism industry has suffered another blow with the resignation of the country's tourism minister, Hisham Zazour.
Title: How Cambodia's Khmer empire just got bigger
Description: Outside of Siem Reap, the results of an airborne laser survey confirm the existence of a medieval city buried beneath impenetrable jungle on a remote mountain.
Title: The world's messiest festivals
Description: There is something innately messy about summer. The air's more pungent, bodies are stickier, and people seem more willing to make a mess. That must be why some of the world's filthiest festivals bide their time until the warmer months.
Title: Richard Branson: How to complain
Description: Richard Branson, who once received what's widely considered the world's best complaint letter, is sharing another one with his 3 million Twitter followers. Fortunately for him, it was sent to another airline.
Title: Five airline 'near misses' prompt call for changes in safety rules
Description: Five close calls involving passenger jets at big U.S. airports prompted a recommendation on Monday for new rules to prevent planes from getting dangerously close to each other when one aborts a landing.
Title: Pop-up hotels: Catch them while you can 
Description: A new breed of accommodation is appearing, housed in anything from tepees to old shipping containers
Title: How to pretend you're Canadian when you travel
Description: Flag-jacking isn't enough. Here's some advice on how Americans can fake being Canadian.
Title: How to save on summer travel
Description: This summer, millions of Americans are hitting the road. Travel expert Mark Murphy shared tips on ways to save cash.
Title: America's top free attractions
Description: Enjoying what America has to offer can get expensive fast, but not all great attractions charge a fee. Check out great art, fabulous jazz and inspiring memorials across the country.
Title: The 8 best beer towns in the USA
Description: The nation's civic leaders in making, celebrating and, of course, drinking hop juice.
Title: Wild U.S.: 7 places to see it
Description: Check out one naturalist's favorite places to appreciate what's truly wild in the United States.
Title: The D.C. you don't know
Description: Washington is a town of majestic monuments. But if you limit your sightseeing to the obvious -- if you ignore the obscure -- you'll miss the good stuff.
Title: Hottest travel spots in the U.S.
Description: Attention American travel aficionados: There's no need to leave the United States to find the next hot destination.
Title: 7 gross wonders across America
Description: Gross is everywhere. It's in the food we eat, it's in nature, and of course, we ourselves might be the greatest source of grossness.
Title: 4 must-sees for military buffs 
Description: Hundreds of American travel destinations honor the nation's history of military readiness and sacrifice. As Veterans Day approaches, consider visiting these four fascinating military marvels.
Title: America's best historic restaurants
Description: In this follow-up tribute to historic restaurants, we've zeroed in on veteran eateries that thrive outside of America's biggest cities.
Title: 6 hot resorts for adults only
Description: It's not enough to eat good food, sit by the beach and sleep in for a week. Sometimes you need to make the most of downtime by stripping away anything that could potentially cause stress, including children.
Title: Over-the-top U.S. hotel suites
Description: Indoor basketball courts and bathrooms that belong in museums -- the United States has got some crazy indulgent hotel suites with price tags to match
Title: World's best airport hotels
Description: How close are you to the airport? Is there a decent bar or restaurant on site? The worn-down, travel-weary businessperson is looking for proximity, convenience and comfortable amenities in an airport hotel. There's little time to waste.
Title: Gatsby glam: 8 grand estates
Description: Take a heady trip back to Jazz Age opulence with a photo tour of Long Island's Gold Coast, a wealthy retreat near New York City where F. Scott Fitzgerald set "The Great Gatsby."
Title: Don Draper's New York
Description: Thanks to hard-drinking, hardworking Don Draper, we've traveled through the '60s in style. Now let's take a look at the ad man's New York.
Title: 'Downton' in America: 6 big estates
Description: Few of us can imagine living the opulent "Downton Abbey" lives of the fictional Crawley family at the turn of the 20th century.
Title: Eat Like a Local: Share your picks
Description: Hungry travelers are seeking authentic culinary experiences at home and abroad.
Title: Picture perfect Northern lights
Description: iReporter Malcolm Park captures the beauty of the northern lights in time lapse over Ontario, Canada.
Title: Travel photo of the day
Description: Each day, CNN producers select a user-submitted photo to be our Travel Photo of the Day. Click through the gallery above to see stunning shots from around the world, and be sure to come back every day for a new image. Have a gorgeous travel photo of your own to share? Submit it for the gallery at CNN iReport!
Title: The journey that inspired you
Description: You sent us photos of a journey you had taken to another country, where you were inspired by a different culture.
Title: 10 trips to change a kid's life
Description: Want to spot dolphins in Florida, peer over the edge of the Grand Canyon or dig for bits of history near an Irish castle? These are all trips that can change the way your child (and maybe you) see the world.
Title: Five spectacular art fair cities
Description: If you're of the opinion that the only thing better than viewing great art is owning it, put these destinations on your travel itinerary.
Title: World's 7 most remote islands
Description: Leave the snorkels and beach towels at home if you dare visit these forbidding islands.
Title: 10 budget all-inclusive resorts
Description: It's a fact that all-inclusive resorts can be expensive, but these 10 spots won't break the bank or surprise you with caveats.
Title: The world's most colorful cities
Description: Whether a monochromatic yellow or featuring every color in the Crayola box, these cites are guaranteed to brighten your day.
Title: 10 top value destinations for 2013
Description: With airfares likely to increase through the new year, travelers are looking to get the biggest bang for their buck. A new list from Lonely Planet offers 10 ideas for great-value getaways.
Title: Five places to find mermaids
Description: Mythical mermaids have fascinated humans for centuries, and alluring creatures in bikini tops and fish tails seem to be keeping the love alive. Here are five places to find them.
Title: The gift of paid paternity leave
Description: Joe Schroeder enjoyed every moment of his three months of paid leave after the birth of his daughter. But his situation is far from the norm in the United States, one of few countries without paid leave for the birth of a child.
Title: Preschoolers: Littlest graduates
Description: With graduation tassels made of fruit loops, miniature diplomas, kiddie proms and even yearbooks, teachers and parents made sure the passage to kindergarten was marked in style.
Title: Give 20-something moms a break
Description: Rather than pull unmarried 20-somethings into the same rhetoric we've heard for teen moms—that we're destroying our children's lives, not to mention our own—why not have a real discussion about the real changes in our society?
Title: What would Brian do?
Description: Robert Yoon and Brian Hull became friends in high school after learning they shared a birthday. When Brian died at 22, Robert learned a whole new lesson about friendship and reaching out.
Title: Greetings from Campowerment
Description: Campowerment is like sleepaway camp -- making new friends, cooking your own meals, being far away from home and your cell phone -- but it's for adult women, and it's life-changing.
Title: More cohabitation, then marriage
Description: As the stigma of "living in sin" fades and more people delay marriage, researchers find that living together beforehand can mean stability.
Title: From bloomers to bikinis
Description: Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini? Swim trunks or a snug Speedo? The urge to spend those long, summer days on the beach hasn't changed -- but boy, the swimsuits have.
Title: How to get hair 'to dye for'
Description: Whether they're covering up the salt in their salt-and-pepper strands or just adding some glossy oomph, 78 million women in the United States dye their hair, according to research from Garnier. Maybe it's the first time you've colored yours, or perhaps you've been doing it for so long you hardly remember what your natural color looks like, but either way, the game has changed.
Title: Secondhand style all the rage
Description: Thrift store clothing and vintage items are showing up in couture, street wear, even everyday office wear. There's even a hit song about value shopping.
Title: CNN's 'Open House' project
Description: Boy howdy, does the CNN Living team love a house tour! There's just something captivating about walking through a beautiful house, being inspired by design choices and seeing the personal treasures that make a home. And what better place to start a home tour than the front door?
Title: Ever fall in love with a staircase?
Description: There are plenty of reasons to fall in love with a staircase.
Title: Make an entrance: Foyer decor
Description: When you open the front door, there it is: The place you leave keys, stow your umbrella, check yourself in the mirror and -- play piano?
Title: Stop snap-happy wedding guests
Description: What's the right amount of documentation for a wedding, and should it be left to the pros? Some couples are crowdsourcing images from guests, while others want guests to "unplug" and put away their cameras.
Title: From fashion statement to symbol 
Description: When Texas state Sen. Wendy Davis made headlines for a filibuster opposing an abortion bill, it was more than her speech that generated buzz. Davis donned hot pink running shoes as she attempted a 13-hour stand against a Texas bill that includes a provision to ban abortions after the 20th week of pregnancy.
Title: Paul Frank taps Native artists
Description: A powwow-themed party that critics called a "perfect storm of bad stereotypes" has led to collaboration between Paul Frank Industries and Native American designers on a new line of clothing and accessories.
Title: When teen drama turns deadly
Description: It's hard to distinguish between typical teen drama and dating violence. But some schools are teaching students the warning signs in an effort to make them engaged bystanders.
Title: Khaled Hosseini talks parenthood
Description: Being a father has had an unexpected result for best-selling author Khaled Hosseini -- it's boosted his fan base. Now he has a new book out and is advocating for refugees worldwide.
Title: Rape jokes: What's so funny?
Description: Did you hear the one about the rape joke?
Title: From bloomers to bikinis
Description: Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini? Swim trunks or a snug Speedo? The urge to spend those long, summer days on the beach hasn't changed -- but boy, the swimsuits have.
Title: 10 weird zoo animal escapes
Description: Rusty the red panda is the most recent zoo animal to prove it truly is a jungle out there. On Monday, the National Zoo in Washington announced that little Rusty had gone missing.
Title:  'Copper': Costuming an era
Description: The historical costumes of 'Copper' allow the actors to embody their characters, from how they work, move and breathe in the garments to the choices in design and color their fictional counterparts might make.
Title: Lessons learned too late
Description: Robert Yoon and Brian Hull became friends in high school after learning they shared a birthday. When Brian died at 22, Robert learned a whole new lesson about friendship and reaching out.
Title: 'Claire DeWitt' is a dreamy mystery
Description: Claire DeWitt, the self-described "world's greatest private eye," returns in her second adventure from author Sara Gran in "Claire DeWitt and the Bohemian Highway," hitting bookstores this week.
Title: Modern dads, new expectations
Description: If today's dad is no longer the all-business provider who is less emotionally engaged than Mom, then who is he? And do we appreciate him for his sacrifices as much as we do mothers?
Title: Parents: Avoid these Facebookers
Description: A parent's Facebook newsfeed is a relations minefield. Think carefully before friending your kid's teacher, pediatrician or babysitter.
Title: Helicopter parents dampen job prospects
Description: Nicole Williams thought she had found the ideal job applicant -- until a phone call came from the mother of the candidate. She wanted all the details on her daughter's potential position. Williams was unimpressed.
Title: How not to be a scary stage parent
Description: A study investigates what makes some stage parents push kids to great heights: Their own thwarted ambition.
Title: Secrets to shopping flea markets
Description: In general, the earlier you arrive to a flea market or yard sale, the greater the selection. The later you go, the better the bargain.
Title: No matchy-matchy in the bedroom
Description: If there's one thing that kills bedroom coziness, home decorators say, it's a bed-in-a-bag set.
Title: Secrets to yard sale shopping
Description: In general, the earlier you arrive to a flea market or yard sale, the greater the selection. The later you go, the better the bargain.
Title: How not to be a scary stage parent
Description: A study investigates what makes some stage parents push kids to great heights: Their own thwarted ambition.
Title: No matchy-matchy in the bedroom, please
Description: If there's one thing that kills bedroom coziness, home decorators say, it's a bed-in-a-bag set.
Title: 10 stories in 2013 that will make you proud to be an American
Description: In some ways, it has been a pretty tough year for America -- and a year for tough Americans.
Title: Chinese female mogul richer than Trump and Oprah
Description: Zhang Xin grew up in poverty and at the age of 14 began a laboring job in a factory. Today, she is richer than Donald Trump, Steven Spielberg and Oprah Winfrey.
Title: Paula Deen: Comfort food, uncomfortable topics
Description: Good conversations can happen when people gather together around a dinner table - and recent news has given us an awful lot to chew on.
Title: Same-sex couple 'half-married'?
Description: Married in their own hearts for 12 years, Rose Arce and her partner, Maria, decided a visit to the courthouse was in order when medical benefits were on the line. But even then, they were only 'half married.'
Title: Surviving middle school -- again
Description: About a year ago, I sat in the auditorium at South Orange Middle School in suburban New Jersey and listened to the cheerful principal prepare the incoming sixth-grade parents for what would lie ahead. The big, bad dreaded middle school years were upon us. After the principal posted his Twitter handle so we could get his feed on our digital devices, he then tried to assure the jittery crowd that middle school isn't as awful as it used to be.
Title: Amid fury, Clorox pulls post insulting new dads
Description: Just when you think derogatory stereotypes about dads are on the decline as fathers take a more hands-on role in child-rearing, along comes an online posting by a major brand that shows not everyone got the memo.
Title: Picking the perfect craft beer
Description: CNN's resident "beer guy" Nathan Berrong has your top tips for finding a new favorite brew.
Title: Find décor inspiration in your closet
Description: With warm weather under way, there's no better time to update your living quarters. But how do you turn your home into a space that reflects your personality?
Title: Spring beauty and fashion fixes
Description: Makeup maven Bobbi Brown and fashion expert Suze Yalof Schwartz answer Health magazine readers' springtime conundrums.
Title: 10 weird zoo animal escapes
Description: Rusty the red panda is the most recent zoo animal to prove it truly is a jungle out there. On Monday, the National Zoo in Washington announced that little Rusty had gone missing.
Title: Celebrating our pets
Description: It's National Pet Week and Be Kind to Animals Week -- yes, our fuzzy overlords are so powerful, they now get simultaneous celebratory weeks.
Title: Ex-racehorses get new life
Description: When a racing or breeding career ends, thoroughbreds quickly lose value. Organizations are working to provide adoption and retirement options that save them from the slaughterhouse.
Title: Khaled Hosseini talks parenthood
Description: Being a father has had an unexpected result for best-selling author Khaled Hosseini -- it's boosted his fan base. Now he has a new book out and is advocating for refugees worldwide.
Title: 'Claire DeWitt' is a dreamy mystery
Description: Claire DeWitt, the self-described "world's greatest private eye," returns in her second adventure from author Sara Gran in "Claire DeWitt and the Bohemian Highway," hitting bookstores this week.
Title: Judy Blume hits the big screen
Description: Four decades after "Are You There God?" jump-started author Judy Blume's prolific career, her first novel to be adapted into a major motion picture hits theaters this weekend.
Title: Fighting for 'throwaway' girls
Description: Less than half of U.S. teen moms graduate high school. Principal Asenath Andrews, who runs a school for pregnant girls, believes that's a slow death for them by lack of opportunities.
Title: Rape jokes: What's so funny?
Description: Did you hear the one about the rape joke?
Title: Are female leaders too 'cheerful'?
Description: Smart women face tough choices: should they try to be perceived as competent or likeable? A recent study suggests cheerfulness could hold them back.
