URL: http://rss.cnn.com/rss/cnn_travel.rss Feed Author: null
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Title: 5 train stations worth a stop
Description: Most people who travel by train rush through the station so quickly, they don't stop to appreciate their surroundings. But some terminals deserve a look for their beauty, their heritage and engineering. These are on the right track.
Title: An SOS for 'America's flagship'
Description: In the 1950s and 60s, if you wanted to sail on the fastest, sleekest, swankiest ship on the ocean, you bought a ticket on the SS United States.
Title: 8 reasons to trade up on trains
Description: When is it worth the splurge for first-class rail tickets in Europe and places far beyond?
Title: Intriguing summer escapes 
Description: These aren't your typical Southern escapes. From an African safari-style tent in Texas Hill Country to skeet shooting from a former Coast Guard station 34 miles offshore, these spots offer a little something different.
Title: Beaches we'd like to be lounging on
Description: We asked readers to share photos of their favorite beaches. Soothing, right? Maybe it's time to start thinking about a sunny getaway.
Title: Best all-inclusive cruises
Description: On most cruise ships, your accommodations, standard meals, entertainment and daytime activities are included in your fare. Then the nickel-and-diming begins.
Title: 10 things to know about Peru
Description: You know about Machu Picchu and the Inca Trail. Now say hola to the rest of this amazing Andean country.
Title: 10 things to know about Colombia
Description: Stereotypes should be swept aside before visiting this South American wonder. Today's Colombia is much more than the Escobar legacy.
Title: 11 things to know about Quebec
Description: Inhabitants of Quebec pride themselves on being different from their neighbors. This is French soil, with a language police and its own holiday that's more fervently celebrated than Canada Day.
Title: Camping: Horror or bliss?
Description: Jared Kennedy remembers waking up in the middle of the night to creatures scratching at his tent on every side when he was 15. Don't try to get this 32-year-old to sleep in a tent now. He's done.
Title: Heartbroken? 5 recovery ideas
Description: If you need relationship recovery, consider these escapes as a way to say hello to the rest of your life.
Title: To Disney or not to Disney?
Description: There's no shortage of passion on the topic of Disney: It's pure magic for many travelers, but for others the princesses and the commercialism put Disney's empire firmly on their must-not-see lists.
Title: Kumbh Mela festival
Description: 
Title: Dream trips
Description: Imagine kicking back on a private island in the Bahamas where the staff caters to your every whim.
Title: Fun with ice
Description: Some people think the only cure for the doldrums of winter is sunshine. Far from it. Why not up the ante? Don't suffer snow and ice at home when you can really do winter vacations and ice holidays in style.
Title: 2013 wish list
Description: We've all got them: places that live large in imagination or memory, begging us to hop on a plane to uncover their delicious mysteries. Here a handful of CNN correspondents name their dream destinations.
Title: Bizarre buildings 
Description: Bizarre is in the eye of the beholder.
Title: Penguins
Description: Hankering to see some happy feet? Antarctica is far from your only option.
Title: Otherworldly places
Description: We can't visit Mars (yet), but our own planet's unique terrain presents plenty of landscapes with an out-of-this-world feel. Check out iReporters' otherworldly photos, which cover a lot of ground on Earth.
Title: Nice, France
Description: Nice, France, draws celebrities and tourists from all over the world -- for good reason. Check out iReporters' snapshots to see why.
Title: Summer trips
Description: We can't take every summer vacation we'd like to take, but CNN iReporters can certainly take us to some of those places. Here, iReporters share some of their summer travels and photos, which cover a lot of terrain.
Title: Virgin Islands
Description: The British and U.S. Virgin Islands offer crystal blue waters and beautifully serene escapes. iReporters shared their photos with us.
Title: Paris
Description: As Valentine's Day approaches, we explore all of Paris' glittering allure through the beautiful photos submitted by our iReporters.
Title: Autumn color
Description: Mark Collier grew up in the mountains of Vermont. Every autumn, he would see an influx of tourists flood his state to get a glimpse of the brilliant fall leaves. He didn't get what the big deal was, but he understands now.
Title: London landmarks
Description: London is brimming with historic and iconic sights that create perfect picture postcards. iReporters take us on their own personal tour of London's best with their photos.
Title: Morocco
Description: 
Title: America's top free attractions
Description: Enjoying what America has to offer can get expensive fast, but not all great attractions charge a fee. Check out great art, fabulous jazz and inspiring memorials across the country.
Title: See Alaska's brown bears
Description: Head to the stunning Katmai National Park & Preserve in Alaska, where park ranger Roy Wood shares his favorite spots in the park. The brown bears are already catching the sockeye salmon that started running the river in late June.
Title: 5 storied beach trips
Description: Crashing waves. Windy bluffs. The mystique of the high seas and whatever lies beyond: Seaside places possess a dramatic allure that's naturally attractive to storytellers and beachgoers alike.
Title: 8 hotels still fresh at 100
Description: Whenever a new hotel opens, guests are quick to flock there, clamoring for its shiny new rooms and state-of-the-art features. But there's something to be said for staying at a venerable older property, like these top-rated hotels that are each celebrating their centennial this year.
Title: Today's photo: Hawaiian wave
Description: See stunning shots from around the world, and be sure to come back every day for a new image.
Title: Stalking world's biggest planes
Description: You don't have to be an aviation geek to appreciate the beauty of the world's biggest planes. Here's where you can find giants with names like The Mriya, the Dreamlifter and the Super Guppy.
Title: Isle Royale: An isolated paradise
Description: Talk about a vast, isolated island wilderness.
Title: Cuyahoga Valley: A spiritual retreat 
Description: There's romance in our National Parks, and not just the human kind. A self-described hopeless romantic, park ranger Margaret Adams likes to lead the full moon night hikes at Cuyahoga Valley National Park in Ohio.
Title: Thrilling Hong Kong airport photos
Description: Pilot and photographer remember Kai Tak airport -- from the fondest to the scariest moments
Title: Airports where architecture soars
Description: It's about making an entrance. Dramatic entries are a given with air travel, and airports should convey a sense of welcome and arrival to travelers landing in a new city, says architecture critic Paul Goldberger.
Title: 8 hotel fees that may surprise you
Description: We've come to expect fees for hotel WiFi and parking, but as lodging fees pile up, there are some that may come as a surprise to even the seasoned business traveler.
Title: River cruising the U.S.A. 
Description: Holly Firfer shows us how to see America on a river cruise.
Title: Yosemite: A national park jewel
Description: Yosemite National Park has almost everything a nature lover could desire: Glorious waterfalls, spectacular meadows and valleys, groves of ancient sequoias and the wildlife that call the park home.
Title: Pretzel meteor? Art in flight
Description: She's really very stealthy. Nina Katchadourian has been creating unusual works of art from her airplane seat -- and occasionally the lavatory -- since 2010, and only three people have ever asked about her in-flight activities.
Title: Relax, get fit
Description: If you're so tied to your work and smart phone that you can't take a break, these wellness retreats in and around the U.S. may convince you to step away from the business world to embrace a healthier lifestyle.
Title: Can Dreamliner still live up to its name?
Description: This was no ordinary plane ride. On Monday, the 787 returned to domestic service after a four-month grounding. After months of concern about the 787's future, the excitement and tension were palpable.
Title: Best indie bookstores 
Description: While it's hard to beat the Internet for efficiency, virtual book-buying can't satisfy the same itch for discovery that browsing in person can. Mystery writer Hilary Davidson shares her top North American havens for book lovers.
Title: 12 alternative Italian hot spots
Description: Some of Italy's lesser known towns and villages are equally, or more, impressive as the bigger drawcards. Here are our favorites.
Title: 20 of the world's best sights
Description: You heard of the two guys who recently opted in to a two-year, $1.5 million holiday? These are some of the sights they'll be privy to.
Title: Wild U.S.: 7 places to see it
Description: Check out one naturalist's favorite places to appreciate what's truly wild in the United States.
Title: World's best airport hotels
Description: How close are you to the airport? Is there a decent bar or restaurant on site? The worn-down, travel-weary businessperson is looking for proximity, convenience and comfortable amenities in an airport hotel. There's little time to waste.
Title: Top free U.S. attractions
Description: Enjoying what America has to offer can get expensive fast, but not all great attractions charge a fee.
Title: Nearly 20% report problems on cruises
Description: A cruise can be a stress-free escape from day-to-day life, promising all-you-can-eat buffets and nightly entertainment at a reasonable price.
Title: Be a guest of Katmai's brown bears
Description: Head to the stunning Katmai National Park & Preserve in Alaska, where park ranger Roy Wood shares his favorite spots in the park. The brown bears are already catching the sockeye salmon that started running the river in late June.
Title: Have a travel problem? Tweet it out!
Description: "Fly by the tips of your fingers."
Title: Today's photo: A Hawaiian wave
Description: See stunning shots from around the world, and be sure to come back every day for a new image.
Title: Nearly 20% report problems on cruises
Description: A cruise can be a stress-free escape from day-to-day life, promising all-you-can-eat buffets and nightly entertainment at a reasonable price.
Title: 10 of the world's best meditation retreats 
Description: Adventure travel isn't always about riding waves and ascending heights -- sometimes it's about heading inside, to explore the realm of our inner worlds.
Title: New Zealand scours shorelines for ship carrying Briton, Americans
Description: Rescuers are holding out hope of finding six Americans and one Briton after their vintage sailboat went missing in early June off the coast of New Zealand.
Title: Where in the world can Snowden go? 
Description: Fleeing US law enforcement, the NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden seems stuck for where to go next. CNN Travel's own top secret document reveals which countries should be on his list. Are they on yours?
Title: Have a travel problem? Tweet it!
Description: Gone are the days when travelers waited until the end of a trip to register a complaint with an airline or hotel via typed letter or more recently, email. Today's travelers post their complaints via social media and online travel forums, sometimes while still traveling.
Title: Skyjacked: A nation with no airline security
Description: Not too long ago, boarding an airliner with a firearm was as easy as putting a pistol in your pocket and taking your seat. Then a pre-9/11 epidemic of airline "skyjackings" changed how we think about airport and aircraft security.
Title: How get on board a celebrity's yacht
Description: From Beyonce to Grace Kelly, CNN takes a look at the most incredible celebrity yachts available for hire.
Title: The 8 best beer towns in the USA
Description: The nation's civic leaders in making, celebrating and, of course, drinking hop juice.
Title: Wild U.S.: 7 places to see it
Description: Check out one naturalist's favorite places to appreciate what's truly wild in the United States.
Title: The D.C. you don't know
Description: Washington is a town of majestic monuments. But if you limit your sightseeing to the obvious -- if you ignore the obscure -- you'll miss the good stuff.
Title: Hottest travel spots in the U.S.
Description: Attention American travel aficionados: There's no need to leave the United States to find the next hot destination.
Title: 7 gross wonders across America
Description: Gross is everywhere. It's in the food we eat, it's in nature, and of course, we ourselves might be the greatest source of grossness.
Title: 4 must-sees for military buffs 
Description: Hundreds of American travel destinations honor the nation's history of military readiness and sacrifice. As Veterans Day approaches, consider visiting these four fascinating military marvels.
Title: America's best historic restaurants
Description: In this follow-up tribute to historic restaurants, we've zeroed in on veteran eateries that thrive outside of America's biggest cities.
Title: 6 hot resorts for adults only
Description: It's not enough to eat good food, sit by the beach and sleep in for a week. Sometimes you need to make the most of downtime by stripping away anything that could potentially cause stress, including children.
Title: Over-the-top U.S. hotel suites
Description: Indoor basketball courts and bathrooms that belong in museums -- the United States has got some crazy indulgent hotel suites with price tags to match
Title: World's best airport hotels
Description: How close are you to the airport? Is there a decent bar or restaurant on site? The worn-down, travel-weary businessperson is looking for proximity, convenience and comfortable amenities in an airport hotel. There's little time to waste.
Title: Gatsby glam: 8 grand estates
Description: Take a heady trip back to Jazz Age opulence with a photo tour of Long Island's Gold Coast, a wealthy retreat near New York City where F. Scott Fitzgerald set "The Great Gatsby."
Title: Don Draper's New York
Description: Thanks to hard-drinking, hardworking Don Draper, we've traveled through the '60s in style. Now let's take a look at the ad man's New York.
Title: 'Downton' in America: 6 big estates
Description: Few of us can imagine living the opulent "Downton Abbey" lives of the fictional Crawley family at the turn of the 20th century.
Title: Eat Like a Local: Share your picks
Description: Hungry travelers are seeking authentic culinary experiences at home and abroad.
Title: Picture perfect Northern lights
Description: iReporter Malcolm Park captures the beauty of the northern lights in time lapse over Ontario, Canada.
Title: Travel photo of the day
Description: Each day, CNN producers select a user-submitted photo to be our Travel Photo of the Day. Click through the gallery above to see stunning shots from around the world, and be sure to come back every day for a new image. Have a gorgeous travel photo of your own to share? Submit it for the gallery at CNN iReport!
Title: The journey that inspired you
Description: You sent us photos of a journey you had taken to another country, where you were inspired by a different culture.
Title: 10 trips to change a kid's life
Description: Want to spot dolphins in Florida, peer over the edge of the Grand Canyon or dig for bits of history near an Irish castle? These are all trips that can change the way your child (and maybe you) see the world.
Title: Five spectacular art fair cities
Description: If you're of the opinion that the only thing better than viewing great art is owning it, put these destinations on your travel itinerary.
Title: World's 7 most remote islands
Description: Leave the snorkels and beach towels at home if you dare visit these forbidding islands.
Title: 10 budget all-inclusive resorts
Description: It's a fact that all-inclusive resorts can be expensive, but these 10 spots won't break the bank or surprise you with caveats.
Title: The world's most colorful cities
Description: Whether a monochromatic yellow or featuring every color in the Crayola box, these cites are guaranteed to brighten your day.
Title: 10 top value destinations for 2013
Description: With airfares likely to increase through the new year, travelers are looking to get the biggest bang for their buck. A new list from Lonely Planet offers 10 ideas for great-value getaways.
Title: Five places to find mermaids
Description: Mythical mermaids have fascinated humans for centuries, and alluring creatures in bikini tops and fish tails seem to be keeping the love alive. Here are five places to find them.
URL: http://rss.cnn.com/rss/cnn_living.rss Feed Author: null
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Title: The gift of paid paternity leave
Description: Joe Schroeder enjoyed every moment of his three months of paid leave after the birth of his daughter. But his situation is far from the norm in the United States, one of few countries without paid leave for the birth of a child.
Title: Preschoolers: Littlest graduates
Description: With graduation tassels made of fruit loops, miniature diplomas, kiddie proms and even yearbooks, teachers and parents made sure the passage to kindergarten was marked in style.
Title: Give 20-something moms a break
Description: Rather than pull unmarried 20-somethings into the same rhetoric we've heard for teen moms—that we're destroying our children's lives, not to mention our own—why not have a real discussion about the real changes in our society?
Title: What would Brian do?
Description: Robert Yoon and Brian Hull became friends in high school after learning they shared a birthday. When Brian died at 22, Robert learned a whole new lesson about friendship and reaching out.
Title: Greetings from Campowerment
Description: Campowerment is like sleepaway camp -- making new friends, cooking your own meals, being far away from home and your cell phone -- but it's for adult women, and it's life-changing.
Title: More cohabitation, then marriage
Description: As the stigma of "living in sin" fades and more people delay marriage, researchers find that living together beforehand can mean stability.
Title: From bloomers to bikinis
Description: Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini? Swim trunks or a snug Speedo? The urge to spend those long, summer days on the beach hasn't changed -- but boy, the swimsuits have.
Title:  'Copper': Costuming an era
Description: The historical costumes of 'Copper' allow the actors to embody their characters, from how they work, move and breathe in the garments to the choices in design and color their fictional counterparts might make.
Title: CNN's 'Open House' project
Description: Boy howdy, does the CNN Living team love a house tour! There's just something captivating about walking through a beautiful house, being inspired by design choices and seeing the personal treasures that make a home. And what better place to start a home tour than the front door?
Title: Ever fall in love with a staircase?
Description: There are plenty of reasons to fall in love with a staircase.
Title: Make an entrance: Foyer decor
Description: When you open the front door, there it is: The place you leave keys, stow your umbrella, check yourself in the mirror and -- play piano?
Title: When teen drama turns deadly
Description: It's hard to distinguish between typical teen drama and dating violence. But some schools are teaching students the warning signs in an effort to make them engaged bystanders.
Title: Khaled Hosseini talks parenthood
Description: Being a father has had an unexpected result for best-selling author Khaled Hosseini -- it's boosted his fan base. Now he has a new book out and is advocating for refugees worldwide.
Title: Rape jokes: What's so funny?
Description: Did you hear the one about the rape joke?
Title: From bloomers to bikinis
Description: Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini? Swim trunks or a snug Speedo? The urge to spend those long, summer days on the beach hasn't changed -- but boy, the swimsuits have.
Title: 10 weird zoo animal escapes
Description: Rusty the red panda is the most recent zoo animal to prove it truly is a jungle out there. On Monday, the National Zoo in Washington announced that little Rusty had gone missing.
Title:  'Copper': Costuming an era
Description: The historical costumes of 'Copper' allow the actors to embody their characters, from how they work, move and breathe in the garments to the choices in design and color their fictional counterparts might make.
Title: Lessons learned too late
Description: Robert Yoon and Brian Hull became friends in high school after learning they shared a birthday. When Brian died at 22, Robert learned a whole new lesson about friendship and reaching out.
Title: 'Claire DeWitt' is a dreamy mystery
Description: Claire DeWitt, the self-described "world's greatest private eye," returns in her second adventure from author Sara Gran in "Claire DeWitt and the Bohemian Highway," hitting bookstores this week.
Title: 9 awkward pageant moments
Description: As Miss Utah Marissa Powell demonstrated in Sunday's Miss USA contestant, it's not always easy to think on your feet. But at least we can look back on those flubs and and smile, right?
Title: Modern dads, new expectations
Description: If today's dad is no longer the all-business provider who is less emotionally engaged than Mom, then who is he? And do we appreciate him for his sacrifices as much as we do mothers?
Title: Preschoolers: Littlest graduates
Description: With graduation tassels made of fruit loops, miniature diplomas, kiddie proms and even yearbooks, teachers and parents made sure the passage to kindergarten was marked in style.
Title: Secondhand style all the rage
Description: Thrift store clothing and vintage items are showing up in couture, street wear, even everyday office wear. There's even a hit song about value shopping.
Title: Five inviting front porches
Description: Boy howdy, does the CNN Living team love a house tour! There's just something captivating about walking through a beautiful house, being inspired by design choices and seeing the personal treasures that make a home. And what better place to start a home tour than the front door?
Title: Décor inspiration in your closet
Description: With warm weather under way, there's no better time to update your living quarters. But how do you turn your home into a space that reflects your personality?
Title: CFDA awards: 'Oscars of fashion'
Description: CFDA Fashion Awards: The 'Oscars of fashion'
Title: Prom: No date? Go anyway!
Description: In 1990, Kat Kinsman didn't have a date to her senior prom so she went solo. Looking back, it was one of the best decisions she ever made.
Title: How to get hair 'to dye for'
Description: Whether they're covering up the salt in their salt-and-pepper strands or just adding some glossy oomph, 78 million women in the United States dye their hair, according to research from Garnier. Maybe it's the first time you've colored yours, or perhaps you've been doing it for so long you hardly remember what your natural color looks like, but either way, the game has changed.
Title: 'Attractive & Fat' ad tackles bias
Description: Blogger Jes Baker is cutting Abercrombie & Fitch down to size after divisive comments by the retailer's CEO resurfaced, causing consternation among consumers.
Title: Parents: Avoid these Facebookers
Description: A parent's Facebook newsfeed is a relations minefield. Think carefully before friending your kid's teacher, pediatrician or babysitter.
Title: When snap-happy guests go too far
Description: What's the right amount of documentation for a wedding, and should it be left to the pros? Some couples are crowdsourcing images from guests, while others want guests to "unplug" and put away their cameras.
Title: From fashion statement to symbol 
Description: When Texas state Sen. Wendy Davis made headlines for a filibuster opposing an abortion bill, it was more than her speech that generated buzz. Davis donned hot pink running shoes as she attempted a 13-hour stand against a Texas bill that includes a provision to ban abortions after the 20th week of pregnancy.
Title: Paul Frank taps Native artists
Description: A powwow-themed party that critics called a "perfect storm of bad stereotypes" has led to collaboration between Paul Frank Industries and Native American designers on a new line of clothing and accessories.
Title: "Unseen" Pop Art unveiled
Description: A painting by pop artist Roy Lichtenstein, which has not been seen in public for more than 30 years, and a massive pearl once owned by Mary Tudor have been unveiled as the highlights of London's Masterpiece art fair.
Title: Want a #hashtag wedding?
Description: What's the right amount of documentation for a wedding, and should it be left to the pros? Some couples are crowdsourcing images from guests, while others want guests to "unplug" and put away their cameras.
Title: When teen drama turns deadly
Description: It's hard to distinguish between typical teen drama and dating violence. But some schools are teaching students the warning signs in an effort to make them engaged bystanders.
Title: Fashion statements turned symbols 
Description: When Texas state Sen. Wendy Davis made headlines for a filibuster opposing an abortion bill, it was more than her speech that generated buzz. Davis donned hot pink running shoes as she attempted a 13-hour stand against a Texas bill that includes a provision to ban abortions after the 20th week of pregnancy.
Title: Surviving middle school -- again
Description: About a year ago, I sat in the auditorium at South Orange Middle School in suburban New Jersey and listened to the cheerful principal prepare the incoming sixth-grade parents for what would lie ahead. The big, bad dreaded middle school years were upon us. After the principal posted his Twitter handle so we could get his feed on our digital devices, he then tried to assure the jittery crowd that middle school isn't as awful as it used to be.
Title: Amid fury, Clorox pulls post insulting new dads
Description: Just when you think derogatory stereotypes about dads are on the decline as fathers take a more hands-on role in child-rearing, along comes an online posting by a major brand that shows not everyone got the memo.
Title: Are women foolish to love stilettos? 
Description: Rachel Simmons says there's a reason that women suffer for beauty -- because it's worth the pain.
Title: Same-sex couple 'half-married'?
Description: Married in their own hearts for 12 years, Rose Arce and her partner, Maria, decided a visit to the courthouse was in order when medical benefits were on the line. But even then, they were only 'half married.'
Title: Tackling wedding season solo
Description: Matchmakers Lisa Lyngos and Leisha Murphy have your top tips for making it through wedding season without a "plus one."
Title: Find décor inspiration in your closet
Description: With warm weather under way, there's no better time to update your living quarters. But how do you turn your home into a space that reflects your personality?
Title: Spring beauty and fashion fixes
Description: Makeup maven Bobbi Brown and fashion expert Suze Yalof Schwartz answer Health magazine readers' springtime conundrums.
Title: 10 weird zoo animal escapes
Description: Rusty the red panda is the most recent zoo animal to prove it truly is a jungle out there. On Monday, the National Zoo in Washington announced that little Rusty had gone missing.
Title: Celebrating our pets
Description: It's National Pet Week and Be Kind to Animals Week -- yes, our fuzzy overlords are so powerful, they now get simultaneous celebratory weeks.
Title: Ex-racehorses get new life
Description: When a racing or breeding career ends, thoroughbreds quickly lose value. Organizations are working to provide adoption and retirement options that save them from the slaughterhouse.
Title: Khaled Hosseini talks parenthood
Description: Being a father has had an unexpected result for best-selling author Khaled Hosseini -- it's boosted his fan base. Now he has a new book out and is advocating for refugees worldwide.
Title: 'Claire DeWitt' is a dreamy mystery
Description: Claire DeWitt, the self-described "world's greatest private eye," returns in her second adventure from author Sara Gran in "Claire DeWitt and the Bohemian Highway," hitting bookstores this week.
Title: Judy Blume hits the big screen
Description: Four decades after "Are You There God?" jump-started author Judy Blume's prolific career, her first novel to be adapted into a major motion picture hits theaters this weekend.
Title: Fighting for 'throwaway' girls
Description: Less than half of U.S. teen moms graduate high school. Principal Asenath Andrews, who runs a school for pregnant girls, believes that's a slow death for them by lack of opportunities.
Title: Rape jokes: What's so funny?
Description: Did you hear the one about the rape joke?
Title: Are female leaders too 'cheerful'?
Description: Smart women face tough choices: should they try to be perceived as competent or likeable? A recent study suggests cheerfulness could hold them back.
